valeant opens up 10 % after agreeing usd 1.3bln deal with l'oreal vrx
watch gs ' zach pandl on the dec jobs report & amp ; the fastest us wage growth since 2009
rt @estimize : the iphone turned 10 : here s how its success helped 5 chipmakers apple iphone aapl
a light economic calendar has investors looking toward friday when big banks bac , blk , and jpm report earnings .
today 's stocks to watch : vrx googl yhoo vz gs baba
rt @businessinsider : millennials skip youtube ads ... and that 's ok goog googl
cowen boosts alphabet price target to 1,050 goog googl
nvda nvidia just stunned the world again . my take via @yahoofinance @cnnmoney
trump effect ? small-business optimism index just rose the most since 1980 spy @realdonaldtrump
spy -i 'm glad you knew where the 8day was around 226 and used the 226.41 ( prior low ) for a quick rdr . small tactics for cash flow
nasdaq hits another record high today & amp ; among biggest contributors to the action ? illumina ilmn regeneron regn cisco csco intel intc etc
another new longterm position , busy week twtr whew !
moonshots and paydirt msft googl fb aapl
4 reasons to own facebook ahead of q4 results fb
next up on @cnbc from jpm17 : regn ceo len schleifer . i think he has a few things to say . what do you want to know ? tune in to @squawkalley
baba- nice move . sold mine today . it broke the downtrend at 90.50
rt @kristenscholer : . @purewow ceo @ryanharwood27 says he and @garyvee have already discussed how to capitalize on fb 's new mid-roll ads . 
rt @yahoofinance : live now : mid-roll video ads are coming to facebook - watch fb
did the head of chinese e-tailer jd meet with trump too ? sarcasm but jd up 2.5 % today . baba continuing to rally as well .
video : gs economist zach pandl on rising wages and why the us is nearing full employment .
internet stocks in 2017 : look for platform leaders amzn fb goog sfly shop yelp
alibaba continues rally following jack ma 's meeting with trump baba
fitbit acquires assets of watch company vector watch . fit
now spy is a dollar higher as the .40 risk when it reclaimed 226.41 was worth it . trim and trail . that was a nice
ubs took gs 2017 & amp ; 2018 eps to 20.80 & amp ; 24.40 from 18.40 & amp ; 20.25 . said gs could gain share as the ficc revenue environment improves
live : facebook to test mid-roll video ads - @readdanwrite explains fb
minutes away : vrx @valeant ceo joins @megtirrell live from jpm17 on @powerlunch - another @cnbc exclusive
looking forward to joining @megtirrell on @halftimereport with @scottwapnercnbc soon on @cnbc agn jpm17
ad buyer survey triggers facebook , alphabet target increases crto fb goog
lots of key macro flow lining up in past weeks concentrated in march/april/may area . gld slv uso tlt spy vxx . shakeouts commeth .
why alibaba is the only china internet stock bernstein is bullish on via @barronsasia baba tencent bidu ctrp
iwm upper support area is 134.50 . as long as this holds , this sector is `` actively constructive '' .
spy has upper support at 226ish . a hard close below gets some active traders to reduce risk . next is 225.45 . resistance is 227.45
amazon , j.p. morgan amp up the credit card rewards for prime members . amzn jpm
tim arcuri looks at monthly sales reports from taiwan . data show aapl supply chain advanced 18 % q/q in 4q16
if you are in this field , contact me to see how we can help you on a daily basis . ipo aapl fb twtr baba jpm
rt @thestreet : did you miss last night 's mad money ? check out @jimcramer 's top takeaways : nvda txn adi
google 's pixel storms the smartphone market googl goog aapl the latest from @rosstucker
another airline with better unit rev numbers : aal joins ual with gains premarket
gm , gilead , barracuda and freeport-mcmoran : @cnbcfastmoney picks for january 11 cuda fcx gild gm
facebook 's plan to insert mid-roll ads into native videos is very big news for content publishers :
facebook 's new plan for video ads is huge for publishers fb googl
@hedgeye 3 ) the u.s. economy is growing : sell long-term bonds & amp ; gold - tlt gld
. @mcdonalds new breakfast menu in india is wonderfully weird : mcd via @iyengarish
natural gas stocks take off despite calls for warmer weather dgaz ugaz
such ... a ... big ... bank ... account xom
facebook 's new plan for video ads is huge for publishers - fb
walgreens-rite aid merger ok seen before trump takes office wba rad fred kr fdx
wallstreet 4q trading seen best since '09 . but what does it mean vs. weak comps ? cc @hugh_son f.maranz jpm bac
breaking : ibd/tipp economic optimism index hits new 10-year high as trump rally continues
googlepixel accounted for 1.3 % of sales for 3 months ending in nov. , but only started selling oct 20 .
will xom stock rise with tillerson as secretaryofstate ?
elainechao 's testimony on autonomous cars , drones should please gm f fca , tsla dlph , mbly amzn and many others
learn why gs ' investment strategy group still views the glass as half-full when it comes to the us economy
rt @kchaykowski : . @instagram kicks off monetization of its stories feature with full-screen photo and video ads fb
jefferies names winners for its 10 internet themes amzn atvi crto fb goog znga nflx pcln expe
. @instagram kicks off monetization of its stories feature with full-screen photo and video ads fb
spy spx an option strategy in s & amp ; p 500 that crushed the market
@mikeisaac a 180 for fb and it has happened rather quickly . in a year , you will get a recruiting call . this is part of the future .
rt @wallstjesus : early bull sweepers & gt ; & gt ; crm fslr fcx ccj vrtx a bcrx cop atvi
eli lilly , merck add new combo alliance ; gilead really does want to focus on m & amp ; a lly mrk gild
credit suisse notes yelp 's salesforce growth into first-half results yelp
nope , but a good day for xom
are baba shares up now ? trumppressconference
mcdonald s unveils the mother of all localisation : the masala dosa burger mcd
rt @bespokeinvest : netflix nflx tops the list of winners over the last 10 years with a gain of 3,690 % . amzn ranks 4th at 2,007 % :
american airline shares were up 1.7 % on news it could become the first airline to report positive unit revenue :
@stormwolf84 thank you for the vote of confidence . its always open for you to buy more vrx .
wonder how bill feels about trump now ? vrx
i 'll see how amzn reacts around 780- 783 to buy back . tsla closer to 223- 225 to do the same
trimmed most longs and vtf saw me get flattish as spy took out 226 . also well before that
some stocks to watch to get you through hump day : mrk amzn sig adm f
spy reclaimed 226 with a new point of reference at 225.59 . this upper range expanded a bit and got a `` wider '' .
true , last time big was ey , audited his bankrupt casino unsuccessfully . but many of his gs appointees comfortable
. @tcharnota sears was the first amazon . did n't build a store until 1925. biggest merchant in america thru catalogs
mcdonald 's is bringing local fare to its breakfast menu in mumbai : mcd
aapl how apple services could change everything my take via @yahoofinance @cnnmoney
rt @melissaleecnbc : another airline with better unit rev numbers : aal joins ual with gains premarket
jack ma 's promised 1 million u.s. jobs would represent 'almost 1 % of all jobs in the u.s . '
nutanix named an underappreciated top 2017 pick at oppenheimer csco hpe ntnx
i talked to @digiday about our growth over past year and my two cents about relations between media + fb .
rt @maxpyziur : . @senschumer rips tillerson running . @statedept becuz ambiguity on xom russia sanctions sez @politico|s @eschor
nvda amd the demand for ai is helping nvidia and amd leapfrog intel via @verge
great morning with our new agn colleagues @biotechfischer & amp ; team working hard to bring new treatments to patients .
csx earnings could send transports into high gear via @investopedia
facebook tests mid-roll video ads fb
so far holding like a champ spy
bought trumpdumps celg 115.29 ( bought back ) and lmt 263.20 .
what we know about 'the facebook journalism project ' fb
rt @evanmedeiros : new post : bulls continue to defend nearby support levels spy iwm qqq stocks trading
netflix added to stock buy lists ahead of q4 earnings report : nflx fb amzn
analyst : amazon echo is a very big deal amzn
shares of valeant were slightly higher on wednesday . @valerieayoung weighs in on fillorkill : .
good news for economy ? the other djt -- the dow jones transports -- continues its post-election pop . csx alk luv at all-time highs too .
. @facebook unveils `` journalism project '' to strengthen media ties and promote news literacy fb .
rt @mcwm : apple s airpods are apparently already a massive hit , according to @sliceintel aapl
earnings preview : citigroup q4 2016 c
big ol aapl player hittin here
apple s airpods are apparently already a massive hit , according to @sliceintel aapl
what to expect when you 're expecting big banks ' earnings bac cof gs jpm ms wfc
earnings preview : morgan stanley q4 2016 ms
another gs partner heads to washington ( and my first byline in the @nytimes ) . fun work w @maggienyt . check it out
aapl and fang getting a bid here this afternoon . fb market cap today more valuable than xom .
@shawsstandard yup , aapl moving to a new 2-year high .
rt @katekelly : another gs partner heads to washington ( and my first byline in the @nytimes ) . fun work w @maggienyt . check it out
ios will have generated over 1 trillion in revenues for @apple sometime this year ( incl services ) - @asymco .
googl nice bull flag type pattern as well . after a nice move last week - in time it could take it out 830ish
amzn nice looking bull flag . rested a few days . not sure how long it takes to take out 801.77 . on the radar
clsa analyst sees bank stocks gaining 50 % over next 3 years bac c gs wfc ms jpm
my favorite part is where @paulvigna and i discuss the merits of buying supercomputers to trade bank stocks high f .
the hype is real . ai & amp ; unsupervised learning for analytics , will drive nvda and amd up . full-disc . : shareholder
rt @kchaykowski : . @facebook unveils `` journalism project '' to strengthen media ties and promote news literacy fb htt .
improvement or gimmick ? starbucks rolls out video drive-thrus across canada sbux
based off the success of its original content , netflix plans to ramp up production to more than 1,000 hours : .
freeport-mcmoran , martin marietta and steel 's strength in the trump rally fcx mlm nue xlb
. @bre_payton says domestic firms should feel confident given the djia 's performance , trump 's promises to keep jobs .
amazon 's next move to dominate retail ? offering a credit card with 5 % back amzn
blackberry is quietly trying to make a comeback but not with phones bbry
gild told analysts at mtg today they might separate out hcv and/or hiv product guidance for 2017 on upcoming earnings call .
rt @aaronlucchetti : amazon , j.p. morgan amp up the credit card rewards for prime members . amzn jpm
huge year for tesla . if they can deliver . it will be huge . model3 tsla
wedbush s @gilluria commented on alibaba s goal to create 1 million us jobs baba via @thestreet
just in : facebook launches `` journalism project '' to work with big media ( @washingtonpost , @buzzfeed , etc ) to fight fake news . fb
will fintech perish or prosper under president trump ? aapl amzn fb fintechforgood
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high list at 25 stocks with industrials , financials & amp ; healthcare leading . xlv xlf xli
apple is reportedly planning a major push into original tv shows and movies aapl
apple 's ios revenues should exceed 1 trillion in 2017 aapl
spy put a low in at 225.59 . holding that keeps upper range constructive . a close below shakes it up . resistance 227.10 then 228.30
volume : stocks up , on up volume , down volatility = bullish trend intact @hedgeye spy
is this stock the next amzn ? sponsored
casino stocks outperform in 2016 as vegas gaming sales flat lvs mgm wynn mpel
storage provider stx 's adaptability leading to increased profits
more & lt ; 3 for fb cantor 's top 2017 picks facebook ( 170 pt ) , alphabet ( googl , 1,040 pt ) , amazon ( amzn , 1,000 pt ) expedia ( expe , 175 pt )
gld right up at my sell target this morning . in the continuation gap .
watch these 8 huge put purchases in thursday trade bby gnc himx qep rig seas tsm luv
chasing momentum stocks spx
226.25 - 226.75 getting a ton of action last week or so spy , gon na be a major point for those guys that profile
amzn follow up . quick traders were able to grab more at 801.77 and sell some strength near 807 . now use 799.5 .
rt @endpts : as trump fingers pharma on drug prices , execs step up with the latest vows of self discipline jnj alks agn
. @amazon says it will create 100,000 full-time jobs in the u.s. over the next 18 months
how wal-mart contract will boost workday revenue wday wmt bac fdx hpq ibm
apple in talks to bulk up apple music with original video : aapl nflx twx
you guys win , this 35-70 % off blowout sale will last through the weekend , final chances to save big fb twtr
with 100,000 new full-time jobs on the way , @jimcramer says amazon is a jobs machine : amzn
gs is proud to host @jcp_org executive committee live meetings in london . learn more about gsengineering
google has shuttered its drone project to beam internet to rural areas : googl
rt @foxbusiness : amazon sees rapid job growth , plans 100k new u.s. jobs amzn
rt @powerlunch : 1:30 @jboorstin on @apple aapl plans to create original content and what it means for the competitive landscape
gilead s hepatitis b drug vemlidy approved in eu - gild
in light of taco bell 's chicken shell , here are 6 of the most successful fast-food campaigns bkw mcd wen yum
rt @optuma : spx companies with longest 10 day rrg tails ( momentum ) with increasing velocity . simple to filter with optuma fcx kss nem .
jack ma wants groupon ? grpn up 3 % on baba m & amp ; a rumor . but be careful here . this chatter has been around for almost a year . has n't happened .
tsla held well now green . 225/ 8day moving average has been big support
ibm breaks record in u.s. patents with cloud , ai and health bets : ibm
financial spdr xlf up almost 17 % since election . bank earnings kick off , any room for error after such a big run ? tune in 3:10p et !
salesforce 's new hire , monica langley , might help company land its next major acquisition crm
thanks . this was a good amzn strategy to add above 801.77 trim some and hold some . i 'm still long and those calls .
if you bought spy with up around 225.50 trim some here 226.20 and hold some . i 'm still in
fb -- what an impressive move 2017. i missed it .
broader market down but two big techs are continuing their hot start to 2017 . amzn up 1.7 % today & amp ; 8 % ytd . fb up a bit today , 10 % ytd .
big bank results ahead with reports from bank of america , jp morgan , and wells fargo bac c gs jpm wfc ms
bac this remarkable edge to an options trade -- with a twist -- has out performed the spx by 40 % .
us stock indices in the red with around 40 mins to the close on wall st : djia -0.4 % with goldman sachs dragging heavily on the index gs .
live : apple sets its sights on hollywood with plans for original content - will it be a success ? .
say hello to the credit card with a whopping 5 % cash back on all @amazon purchases : amzn
twitter is announcing earnings and doing call before markets open again this quarter ? hmmmm ... twtr
ibm slow but steady in 2017 via @investopedia
facebook enhances dynamic ads with interest-based targeting fb
with the release of its credit card , amazon is poised to transform yet another way consumers shop : .
@waltergmurphy thanks walter , i always value your opinion . steep ascent on djia puts recent lows in focus .
big day for bank earnings tomorrow bac , wfc jpm all report before the bell . what should you be watching ? coming up on @cnbcclosingbell
getting the 2017 party started uvxy options
these were the 5 most traded stocks and etfs of 2016 1 . bac 2 . spy 3 . gdx 4 . eem 5 . vxx
spy spx trading options in the market etf for a profit
bac using a mega bank as a winning option play
rt @cnbcfastmoney : ' @richartross says to buy banks into earnings xlf bac jpm wfc
apple finally figured out how to satisfy its media dream : do n't buy hbo , become it
' @richartross says to buy banks into earnings xlf bac jpm wfc
@davidmoble it is an exception . they have factories filled with robots . and it 's one of the best companies in the world . tsla
amazon plans to create 100k new full-time jobs in the us over the next 18 months ; ... via @launchticker amzn
gold rises above 1,200 ; will it stay there ? gld iau gdx nugt dust
`` digital media - sans goog & amp ; fb - have joined newspapers as a business in structural decline '' @profgalloway
netflix is on a quest for world domination via @bw nflx
gold rush : trump , china puts the bull into bullion gld fxi mchi ashr goldprice
spy gave us a new pivot at 224.96 and reclaimed 225.59 and closed well . pivot resistance is 226.75 then 227.25 ath 228.34
good morning . mostly green arrows around the world . in europe dax+.56 % cac+.89 % in asia the nikkei+.8 % hk+.46 % . spx futures +3
ready for bac to kick off wallstreet earnings . net income primed for a rise . but if the firm does n't achieve , it could be bananas
ebay to combat counterfeiting with professional authenticators that inspect high-end goods ip
the nasdaq is +22.6 % higher than where it was 1yr ago today qqq
bank of america tops 4q profit forecasts bac
this morning 's winner for bac is bestguess who beats 193 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
bac reports inline with the estimize eps consensus and misses the estimize revenue consensus by 656.33m -
bac reports fq4 earnings of 40c eps and 20.22b revs -
amazing changes in how people bank at bank of america . digital +11 % vs. `` old tech '' -8 % bac @disruptorsbnn
amazon is going on a hiring spree amzn
rt @igtv : bac lower after announcing plans to boost stock buyback in 1h by 1.8b and beating 4q eps estimates .
keep an eye on these 7 stocks for january 13 , 2017 bac blk frc jpm p wfc pnc
rt @deoneroberts : bank of america s 4q profit jumps 43 percent bac charobs
rt @sarawalker_ig : bac lower after announcing plans to boost stock buyback in 1h by 1.8b and beating 4q eps estimates .
bank of america beats profit expectations , but revenue growth misses on less robust trading than anticipated . bac
bank of america s 4q profit jumps 43 percent bac charobs
earnings alert : bank of america eps beats 0.40 vs. 0.38 ( est . ) revs . miss 20.0b vs. 20.852b ( est . ) bac
bank of america q4 eps 0.40 vs 0.38 est , revenue 20.0b vs 20.9b est bac
breaking : bank of america bac q4 earnings per share ( eps ) is 0.4 vs. 0.38 expected .
great price action as well amzn
bac does n't mention trump in earnings release . but alludes to fed . says well-positioned to grow with `` backdrop of rising interest rates . ''
big achievement for panera bread here pnra sbux cmg mcd qsr 
peek into the markets : stock futures up ahead of jpmorgan , wells fargo earnings bac blk jpm pnc p nflx
it 's earnings season again , here we go : jpm and wfc up next bank of america profit up 43 % as trading jumps bac .
bac has moved 2-cents since reporting /newnormal
bank of america beats on the bottom line , misses on the top bac
rt @reddogt3 : good morning . mostly green arrows around the world . in europe dax+.56 % cac+.89 % in asia the nikkei+.8 % hk+.46 % . spx futures .
rt @reddogt3 : spy gave us a new pivot at 224.96 and reclaimed 225.59 and closed well . pivot resistance is 226.75 then 227.25 ath 228..
rt @reddogt3 : great price action as well amzn
how important is the banks earnings guidance for 2017 ? @garybsmith bac jpm wfc earningsreport
netflix rises in premarket on upgrade and share-price raised target : nflx
diverging views on net interest jpm : q1 net interest income to be `` up modestly qoq '' bac : `` significant increase '' in net interest income
raymond james upgrades facebook , ad revenue should be strong this year fb
bank of america profit rises 43 % on trading gains , cost cuts bac via @business
amazon to add 100k new u.s. jobs in the next 18 months amzn jobs @amazon @leafoxnews
16 cheap stocks that top investment newsletters say to buy now spx
retail sales rise 0.6 % as amazon , autos lead amzn gm m
tractor supply upgraded to outperform , wedbush sees good risk-reward tsco
earnings season takes it to the bank , and facebook gets a `` like '' - today 's stocks to watch : bac jpm wfc fb
bank of america kicks off bank earnings with a profit beat bac
live : bank earnings in focus bac jpm wfc - can financial stocks keep the market rally alive ? .
earnings season is underway ! jpmorgan , wells fargo and bank of america kick things off bac jpm pnc wfc
bottom line on banks core businesses strong bac mortgage lending +2x jpm deposit growth +double digits credit card balances at record
they are making so many good shows . been watching fauda and it 's great . netflix making hits for each language . we ' .
yahoo , acquired or not , continues its open-source push hadoop yhoo
stocks moderately higher in early trading on wall st after strong earnings from jpm , bac , but disappointing results from wfc . spx +0.3 %
happy friday the 13th ! stocks start higher as earnings season kicks off on a good note . banks higher & amp ; tech led by facebook . fb kre xlf
gs broke above 245 and holding to lead
a netflix earnings preview : q1 guidance will be in focus nflx
wcu : most commodities gain as trump 's star fades saxostrats by ole hansen oil gld slv
stc bac jan 13 exp 23 puts at 10c
the tax mess that trump is working on for trade might be hugely beneficial for tesla . tsla made in america cars
chargers ' l.a. move sees an unexpected winner ebay chargerstola
fourth quarter earningsseason kicks off with financials which have led the market 's recent gains jpm bac wfc pnc fhn frc blk
with science and info , ilmn , nvta , vcyt , fm will take the guesswork out of healthcare , like goog , fb , and twtr did for advertising .
in tech we like nvda nflx tsla goog fb ea atvi these are higher pe names but it 's because they are the best stocks in tech .
8 biggest price target changes for friday gevo grub nflx rop snak pcar tsco pnr
apple is the least exciting tech company we have investments in . we own it mostly as a value stock and we have big gains . aapl hold .
@loomdart apple is disappointing , to think the new iphone10thanniversary will be much better than the amazing iphone7plus is silly aapl
who 's adding the most to the gains in nasdaq today ? facebook fb & amp ; it 's 1.5 % gain in early trading
rt @amberkanwar : amazing changes in how people bank at bank of america . digital +11 % vs. `` old tech '' -8 % bac @disruptorsbnn
rt @ophirgottlieb : aapl covered calls with a twist turn a profit .
fedex moves into walgreens stores fdx wba
fedex moves into walgreens stores fdx wba by @biintelligence
as seen on fb : home shopping network learns to leverage social media fb hsni twtr
that just won you reader comment of the week ! now dance , monkey boy , dance ! msft cc : @laclippers @steven_ballmer
netflix to remain a growth story through 2020 nflx
7-year forecasts stocks spx
what the equity expansion of nyse floor could mean for traders aapl msft
googl is up 5 % so far this year . and that makes it the laggard of the fang of four . fb up 12 % . amzn up 9.5 % . nflx up 7 % .
netflix streams back into buy zone on an upgrade & amp ; price target hike . nflx mbly dal
aapl the radical importance of apple services
what questions should you ask at the end of an interview ? taylor , head of imd recruiting at gs , shares her advice : .
netflix retakes buy point ; analysts like comcast , delta , mobileye : nflx cmcsa mbly dal
rt @mclamagna : if you needed one more way ( or reason ) to buy stuff on amazon , here it is : amzn
if you needed one more way ( or reason ) to buy stuff on amazon , here it is : amzn
good one . that 's better than amzn and googl over same period . but not fb and nflx .
amzn worth just 24 billion more than fb according to google finance . notable race for fourth .
obvious conclusion here is that `` fake news '' is good for the spy : ) goog trends `` fake news '' 90 days vs spy
patience about to pay off for buffett on his ibm investment ibm
tech today : pandora zooms , grubhub up , apple s debt leverage p fb grub ibm aapl nflx splk .
bac if you understand this -- then you win trading options .
rt @barronsnext : amazon 's big jobs announcement seems `` yugely '' political . amzn
unbelievable dominance by fb
why @tonythestreet is watching netflix on fillorkill : nflx
nflx comin back into the mix , wiseguys rollin in , on the precipice of all time highs .
apple has n't left innovation behind . could self-driving cars be in its future ? aapl
another record day for comp and ndx . big cap historic highs : cmcsa lrcx csx adp small - mid cap record highs .
netflix is spending more on domestic content this year than all the networks except abc , sports excluded . nflx
here 's how veteran swing trader sees the stock market right now . sit back watch this video : spy qqq xlf
google claims the hottest programming language of 2016 googl
apple 's stock has more than doubled since tim cook became ceo , but can he hold a candle to steve jobs ? .
do n't bet against this guy . it 's rocket science . take off . land . orbit . release . great job @elonmusk spacex tsla
with average upside surprises , earnings growth for spx for q4 could hit 6 % .
`` barnes & amp ; noble crushes amazon in speedy delivery . '' great read from '97 . what amzn has done only seems easy/inev .
facebook will test 'fake news ' filtering in germany - fb
rt @factset : with average upside surprises , earnings growth for spx for q4 could hit 6 % .
nflx how trading options on netflix earnings become a giant winner
final final 24 hours to save 35-70 % off blowout sale at your absolute final chances to save big fb twtr
cot : funds return to precious metals saxostrats by ole hansen oil gld slv
join us tues am ! we are live from davos2017 with a great show : ceos of bac , mar , t , sap , hon , ebay , ey , crm..
together , could etsy and ebay take on amazon ? amzn etsy ebay
how top-yielding dogsofthedow could buffer trumpian volatility options vz csco ibm via .
the forward 12-month p/e ratio for spx is 17.0 , above the 10-year average ( 14.4 ) .
netflix easily outspends amazon prime and hulu . now , it 's rivaling the major networks . nflx amzn
buying raw materials no brainer . iron copper etc good for war or construction . fcx only thing left in family account .
stocks on the wohl watchlist this week axon all omn boil avp aaoi itub ms crc swir cma c unp
twtr cmo @leslieberland shows off vibrancy in her pitch : [ great story by @kerrymflynn , twtr lucky to have leslie ]
final final final 12 hours to save 35-70 % off on the blowout sale , your final chance to save big fb twtr
stocks to watch this week : goldman sachs group gs netflix nflx general electric ge
ms reports before the open tomorrow , estimize consensus +0.05 eps and +105.82m revs compared to ws
rt @ibmnews : ibm breaks innovation record in 2016 ibm ssnlf via @benzinga
instagram stories already has as many users as snapchat does . fb
ibm breaks innovation record in 2016 ibm ssnlf via @benzinga
thanks for remembering -- aapl !
listen : @taskrabbit ceo @sbp04 on her vision for the firm , her time at googl and why diversity matters .
i 've been waiting months for this finally my bet in wlkr should spike thx to pcln founders
the memes people make when bank stocks are exploding higher : bac gs jpm
correct . aapl with a huge win here . both ws and msm totally missed it ... a lot .
rt @sanglucci : a whole lot of noise , but little change out of the spy this week . | stuck at highs | @wallstjesus h .
with alexa , a new credit card and suffering competitors , amazon shares could rocket over 1000 in weeks : .
apple 's macbooks could get an internal upgrade this year that doubles the maximum memory aapl .
stanchart +7 % on m & amp ; a talk . ( just talk for now ) . gs hiked target price on mon , bank of america lifted recommendation today
rt @cecileva : gold caught between rates and inflation : gld , gvz , @edvanderwalt
here 's why fb , intc , and mu are all heading higher in 2017
committed to innovation in woman 's health . positive phase iii results for ulipristal acetate agn
. @morganstanley climbing in early trading w/ bond trading coming in 500m higher than average estimates of 1bln ms
must watch stocks for january 17 , 2017 ms unh ual cma csx cwei nbl lux rmbs ozrk
morgan stanley hoping for return to glory days ms gs via @investopedia
breaking : morgan stanley ms q4 earnings per share ( eps ) excluding items beats estimates , 0.81 vs. 0.65 expected
morgan stanley q4 results top street estimates ms
google made a brilliant pivot to turn around its self-driving-car struggles googl
ms 4q 2016 earnings : continued strength in sales and trading and m & amp ; a
nash drugs will be the next huge biotech gold rush ... get in while you can ... stocks agn icpt gild canf nvs
big beat for morgan stanley & amp ; best q4 since the financial crisis . but return on equity still lags ms updating here
rt @estimize : ms beats the estimize eps consensus by 3c and the estimize revenue consensus by 415.02m -
morgan stanley ms shares were already +34 % since the election & amp ; look poised to add to gains on heels of earnings beat
ibm breaks innovation record in 2016 ibm ssnlf
morgan stanley ms shares currently +2 % on 16k shares premarket volume ... on heels of earnings beat .
earnings alert : morgan stanley eps beats 0.81 vs. 0.65 ( est . ) 9.021b vs. 8.474b ( est . ) ms
rt @taralach : investors : it 's ok to love banks again via @bfly wfc jpm bac
no 4th quarter letdown this time for james gorman 's morgan stanley . wall st firm enjoys best finish since 2006 . ms
investors : it 's ok to love banks again via @bfly wfc jpm bac
wal-mart to add 34,000 jobs in 2017 following other major employers amzn wmt
stockalert- stocks to watch today on wallstreet @simonettilauren ms cma unh
4 trades to ride chevron higher : bonus idea - dragonfly capital ... cvx spy
rt @matthewherper : one of my favorite op-eds we 've run : if u.s. buys gild outright , it saves money on hep c drugs . cc : @peterbach
summing up @morganstanley profit increase from bond trading thus far on this wallstreet earnings day ms @hugh_son
remember that 1bn/qtr fixed-income bogey gorman ( sort of ) set and everybody said yeah , sure ? ms has hit it 3 quarters in a row now .
ms 4q 2016 earnings : record quarterly wealth management revenues of 4.0bn ; pre-tax margin of 22 %
this slide = `` see ? we 're cool & amp ; techy '' morgan stanley has seemed less convinced in past of the opportunities in rob .
morgan stanley 's profit doubles as bond-trading revenue surges ms
ya think ? starbucks sbux
facebook , intel and others seem poised to rocket higher this week : fb intc
rt @lamonicabuzz : morgan stanley beat on earnings and revenue . `` yuge '' jump in bond trading sales . bet on inflation from trump/fed ? ms up 1 .
mixed earnings expectations for transportation giants csx ual unp
morgan stanley beats ! ms
morgan stanley beats ! ms
after largely missing out on us shale boom , exxon reaches 5.6b+ acquisition to double its assets in the shale hotbed permian basin . xom
mattel goes the tech route for its next ceo , tapping google executive margaret georgiadis . mat googl via @wsj
earnings this week tue - csx ms wed - gs nflx c amtd thu - ibm axp team fri - ge slb here 's a calendar :
markets with the inauguration jitters , meanwhile nflx chillin at highs .
. @netflix hits all-time high : nflx
the market in 5 minutes : morgan stanley beats estimates , disney & amp ; netflix get big upgrades ms dis nflx unh rai
wealth mgmt now accounts for half of ms revenue , and they had a blowout quarter
mattel names google executive margaret georgiadis as ceo , succeeding sinclair mat googl
ms : '' trade idea 5 : sell the january 43/45 strangle for a 0.95 credit . '' watch , good chance keep whole credit
morgan stanley beats projections ms
morgan stanley continues to do more with less on the trading front . headcount down , risk down , revenues up 35 % . ms
nflx will benefit from cord-cutting in 2017 , writes neil doshi . read more on his upgrade to buy via @firstadopter..
rt @philwahba : this will be interesting . mat goog
this week 33 spx companies report earnings highlighted by 17 financials : tue . ms , wed. gs , thur . axp , fri. rf sti . @terranovajoe
following xom 's 5.6b deal for pemian basin assets , the energy sector ranks 1st in us m & amp ; a deal value ytd17 w/ 22b . spglobaldeals
here 's a place where bank of america -- not known so much for international biz -- is killing it brazil bac
quick run to record intraday highs for netflix nflx stock before backing off a tad ... tremendous run for it since m .
youtube monetizes live streams with super chat goog
facebook has already gained 12 % in 2017 but questions remain about overstating ad metrics : fb @thestreet
rt @joannlublin : mattel names google executive margaret georgiadis as ceo , succeeding sinclair mat googl via @wsj
4 factors cantor is watching heading into netflix earnings nflx
morgan stanley beats ! ms
rt @jacobawohl : trump + yellen = world ' best hangover cure for spx // we 'll see how long es_f can hold this weak little down move
rt @virtus : this week 33 spx companies report earnings highlighted by 17 financials : tue . ms , wed. gs , thur . axp , fri. rf sti . @terra .
will nike save jcpenney ? jcp swooshes higher , up 4 % after announcing nike brand shops in more than 600 stores . nke up nearly 2 % too .
ibm reports thur . and ge fri. evident w/ jpm bac last week guidance matters most . outlook w/ potential policy changes . @terranovajoe
@mattel names @google executive margo georgiadis to ceo post . @fortunempw mat goog
hedge fund expert shares top trends for 2017 : 'fees will continue to evolve ' blk dwin mna spy qqq
gene munster sees 78 million iphone sales , stronger than previously expected aapl
nflx so , you 're interested in trading netflix earnings ... how interesting ...
goldman sachs & amp ; others are automating their compliance jobs jpm gs fintech
big exxon deal here in the permian ; interesting : deal for 3 parcels , which means laterals can go 2 miles+ xom
a pair of deals in the permian . exxon buying bopco for 5.6b & amp ; noble energy to buy clayton williams xom cwei
these guys had the right idea today . aapl
solid morning for pop-culture puns in street research . ms cc : @lizrhoffman @justinbaer
xom spox : we estimate we ll have 15 more or more rigs on that ( permian ) acquisition alone , requiring 20 years of development . ''
the big winner from this morning 's xom deal ...
apple shares pushed to magical 120 level aapl
exxon is doubling its permian holdings in a deal worth up to 6.6 billion . here 's the full story with details : xom
facebook live 's latest update helps publishers fb
facebook live 's latest update helps publishers fb by @biintelligence
i thought apple 's best days were behind it and it was time to sell ! ! ha ! aapl
the 2015 naaim wagner award winning paper `` lumber : worth its weight in gold '' spx stocks
rt @barronsnext : is this the time to buy gold ? gld
central banks provided 'drugs that mask the symptoms vs medicine that cures the disease . ' they did it well ( all-time highs ) . spx ndx
what you need to be following this week davos begins nflx & amp ; gs earnings trump inauguration
apple 's airpods take the spotlight . aapl
netflix to remain a growth story through 2020 nflx
here it is ! my first trade of 2017 good to learn and see what works fb twtr
s & amp ; p 500 -- bulls see a break above 2,284 pointing to 2,300-2,330 spx
chart of the day : nflx hits new all-time high @seanansmith
10 gold themes & amp ; 7 stock picks for 2017 commodities africa mining metals gld @barronsonline @macquarie
rt @wsj : mattel names google executive margaret georgiadis as ceo , succeeding sinclair mat googl
exxon mobil , sears the hottest stocks among shorts xom shld betr gpro tsla spwr
morgan stanley beats ! ms
morgan stanley beats ! ms
googl alphabet 's huge opportunity and ... huge risk my take via @yahoofinance @cnnmoney
these are my brokers for 2017 so make sure you know fb twtr peeps !
c reports before the open tomorrow , estimize consensus +0.03 eps and +155.35m revs compared to ws
gs reports before the open tomorrow , estimize consensus +0.13 eps and +148.80m revs compared to ws
this is a solid way to play bounces it 's how i made 20 % the other day and keep doing it too fb twtr
they 're tumbling today , but guess which u.s. bank has the most upside ? via @bfly ms bac c
exxon mobil makes its first big bet on the trump era xom
near-term pullback in las vegas sands shares creates buying opportunity lvs
railroad stocks like csx could benefit from a trump presidency . @jimcramer weighs in : csx
ten years ago , netflix launched streaming video and changed the way we watch everything - nflx forever changed
why are analysts optimistic about starbucks s 1q17 revenue ? - sbux
rt @cmroberson06 : amazon patents autonomous vehicle lane assignment system amzn
david einhorn likes aapl gm as trump plays . repatriation for aapl . jobs growth for gm . short nflx . valuation . does n't think dis buys .
amd , mu , wdc remain among my favorites.. lot of profit-taking and shorts trying to bang them down ,
2016 was a record year for s & amp ; p 500 options trading . average daily volume was up 9 % : cboe spy vix
netflix had quite a good friday nflx
apparel may serve as one of the single biggest incremental growth opportunities within the retail business ' .
looks like we can get new `` bull flag '' type patterns in amzn googl tsla baba . need 2 see how many days . u have today 's low 2 trade vs .
rt @liamdenning : permian shale is so hot right now : via @bfly xom nbl cwei
permian shale is so hot right now : via @bfly xom nbl cwei
david einhorn 's trump-proof investment plan aapl dds dis nflx uhal dsw gm
rt @aaronlucchetti : no 4th quarter letdown this time for james gorman 's morgan stanley . wall st firm enjoys best finish since 2006 . ms htt .
gold starting to look like a favorite wall street trump trade . the yellow metal above 1200 an ounce again . gld etf up nearly 6 % ytd .
love this lol thanks @jimtilton5 all cov 22.0699 and .10s bac now what ?
rt @stockstotrade : lead stt trainer @tbohen latest article on the power of rising early , great advice for traders ! fb twtr
i would n't be short banks because ms bac and jpm was sold after earnings . i think if we get a down open with gs . then will be buyable .
just 8 % of nike 's factories are located in the u.s. , while 24 % are in china and 12 % in vietnam : .
wall street is expecting a huge quarter from netflix , even as u.s. growth slows via @mishcastillo nflx
rt @cheddar : given that u.s. consumers pay 80- 100/month for linear , multichannel tv , @richbtig says nflx and amzn can both be winners..
mcd chart : continuing higher with vary large oi at 125 this week .
gold miners on the mend after 5-month correction gdx gld via @investopedia
snapchat rakes in ad dollars , emerges as potent threat to facebook , twitter fb twtr
goldman , citigroup , netflix , retail brokerages : investing action plan gs c nflx schw amtd ms jpm bac
nflx price raise to 170 by @richbtig live now cheddarlive
bac gains market share in brazil as rivals retreat via @markets
can anything stop netflix from beating this quarter ? nflx amzn aaple earnings
dow chemical ceo talks 4 % gdp growth under trump 's presidency dow spy
wall street is expecting a huge quarter from netflix , even as u.s. growth slows - nflx
this afternoon 's winner for csx is topeka_7 who beats 46 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
here 's why one wall street legend probably thinks apple is now the perfect investment aapl
wal-mart , best buy , apple rally after trump pans gop border adjustment tax wmt bby dltr .
my must watch bloomberg tv options insight on vix & amp ; how to play netflix nflx ahead of earnings w/ @thechartress
gs in 5 , stock up 33 % since the election ! as a guide , many analyst remain bullish or neutral on the stock . ( 10 buy , 12 hold , 2 sell )
10 stocks you should be watching today adtn c fast gs ual nflx schw usb hpe kmi
great work by raven who takes the win for fast beating 27 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
fast beats the estimize eps consensus by 2c and misses the estimize revenue consensus by 950.27m -
earnings : citigroup q4 eps 1.14 vs. 1.12 est . ; q4 revs . 17.012b vs. 17.304b est . c :
a peek into the markets : stock futures edge higher ahead of economic data , yellen speech clcd dis fast tgt gs
c beats eps 1.14
breaking : citigroup c q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) beats estimates , 1.14 vs. 1.12 expected
goldman sachs becomes the fourth out of five large us banks to beat estimates in q4 . gs @lizrhoffman
78.3 percent jump in bond-trading revenues ( year over year ) . that 'll boost your numbers . gs
huge beat on both lines for goldman sachs gs
big beat from goldman : 2.35bn profit vs. 1.9bn estimates . best roe on wall street . is today the day the stock hits new high ? gs
us earnings : goldman sachs gs beats estimates on revenue 2bn 4q eps 5.08
rt @benzinga : goldman sachs reports q4 eps 5.08 vs. est . 4.82 , rev . 8.17b vs. est . 7.72b gs
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : goldman sachs q4 eps 5.08 vs. 4.82 est . ; q4 revs . 8.17b vs. 7.724b est . gs :
gs reports record full-year 2016 debt underwriting net revenues of 2.45 bn
breaking : goldman sachs gs q4 revenue , 8.17b vs. 7.72b expected
breaking : goldman sachs gs q4 earnings per share ( eps ) , 5.08 vs. 4.81 expected
earnings : goldman sachs q4 eps 5.08 vs. 4.82 est . ; q4 revs . 8.17b vs. 7.724b est . gs :
goldman sachs reports q4 eps 5.08 vs. est . 4.82 , rev . 8.17b vs. est . 7.72b gs
the squid does it again ! gs
gs reports 4q 2016 net earnings of 2.35 bn , diluted earnings/common share of 5.08 , and annualized roe of 11.4 %
future us revenue will grow through adds on like 4k streaming and vr . we expect netflix to be a main player in this area . nflx
nvda that 100 seems to hold well . think this has bottomed out now
focus on high quality foreign language content . disney movies . great new original content make netflix the best choice for tv . nflx
we expect huge new adds for netflix . the election caused everyone to search for an escape . new global shows are great . fauda crown nflx
netflix is also getting live stand up seinfeld and future shows . he is one of the funniest men on earth ! nflx
it 's netflix earnings day starting off with huge news jerry seinfeld signs with nflx ! getting comediansincars old and new episodes .
guess they were short ... c , gs , jpm , ms all posted huge gains trading bonds in 4q +78 % on avg vs last yr ... 2x estimates
forget earnings , gs wins the more important battle : which bank has the best conf call hold music . davebrubeck 's takefive .
stocks to watch today : general motors gm goldman sachs gs netflix nflx
goldman sachs beats ! gs
gold is doing something it has n't since 2011 . gld
goldman sachs led the m & amp ; a volume & amp ; revenue rankings in 2016 gs
toy fair still month away . but hasbro & amp ; mattel on fire . has up 9 % ytd . mat , which just hired googl exec margo georgiadis as ceo , up 11 % .
how netflix ( nflx ) has performed since announcing new series additions - shares up 6.67 %
since cook has taken over , r & amp ; d has more than quadrupled and risen to 4.7 % of rev from 2.2 % . aapl
banks still in spotlight as goldman sachs puts in big quarter , netflix up next c gs ge nflx ibm
rt @bwilliliou : which u.s. bank has the most upside ? hint , see below chart : @gilliantan via @bfly ms
rt @bwilliliou : permian shale so hot -- right exxon and noble energy ? @liamdenning via @bfly xom nbl
permian shale so hot -- right exxon and noble energy ? @liamdenning via @bfly xom nbl
netflix 's next hit original series could be happening today after the bell when it reports its earnings : .
@rampcapitalllc trust the journey ... spx
heading into earnings at 4 pm et today , netflix is up : 1-month +6 % 6-month +33 % 1-year +27 % 5-years +878 % nflx :
mattel just poached a top google executive to lead the toy company goog grpn mat
get after it , goldman gs
big week in the markets . come join us tomorrow in nyc to catch up on the latest ! spy djia
giddy up ! i 'll be breaking nflx earnings , @mishcastillo is on the bounce .
gs is proud be part of the re100 , which highlights corporates accelerating the shift to renewable energy @there100
netflix takes the crown with strong q4 earnings nflx
whoa . netflix beat on earnings & amp ; sales . subscriber additions easily top forecasts . outlook solid . nflx up 8 % after hours . all-time high .
nflx up 8 % after hours
netflix : net neutrality is very important for innovation/job growth , but we 'll be fine either way . nflx
netflix nflx up 8 % a/h . q4 international subscriber growth 5.12million better than expected .
rt @cnbc : earnings : netflix q4 eps 0.15 vs. 0.13 est . ; q4 revs . 2.48b vs. 2.47b est . nflx :
breaking : netflix earnings show revenue and subscriber growth above expectations . stock shoots to all time highs after hours . nflx
netflix q4 eps 0.15 vs. 0.13 est . ; revenue 2.48b vs. 2.47b est . shares 7.5 % higher in post market . nflx
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : netflix q4 eps 0.15 vs. 0.13 est . ; q4 revs . 2.48b vs. 2.47b est . nflx :
facebook & amp ; youtube dominate social media activity , but snapchat is capturing the next generation .
whoa . this is netflix right now after earnings . hitting 144/share and new all-time highs :
netflix tops bottom-line estimates by 2 cents , stock going through the roof nflx
netflix reports q4 sales 2.48b vs 2.47b est . ; netflix q4 domestic net sub adds 1.93m , int'l sub adds 5.12m ( via @selerity ) nflx
earnings : netflix q4 eps 0.15 vs. 0.13 est . ; q4 revs . 2.48b vs. 2.47b est . nflx :
nflx printing 10 higher on immediate reaction to earnings
yuge move on nflx post earnings . up 8 percent after-hours
stock had traded lower for most of the day , but eked out a gain of nearly 0.3 percent nflx
breaking : netflix nflx q4 net subscriber additions ( international ) 5.12m vs. guidance of 3.75m .
breaking : netflix nflx q4 net subscriber additions ( domestic ) 1.93m vs. guidance of 1.45m .
breaking : netflix nflx q4 revenue , 2.48b vs. 2.47b expected
well done boys . spy spx
a trump tax holiday could make apple an incredible investment : aapl
here we go netflix reports earnings any minute now . they have n't missed on an earnings report in 5 years : nflx
nflx earnings amc , @peterlusk talks put selling trade & amp ; historical earnings moves
rt @seanansmith : huge beat by nflx , adding 5.12m new intl subscribers & amp ; 1.93m domestic users . stock up +7 %
nflx * revenue : 2.48b vs ws 2.47b * eps : 0.15 vs 0.13 * int'l net adds : 5.12m vs 3.78m * us net adds : 1.93m .
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : netflix added more than 7m streaming subscribers last quarter , sending nflx shares to new all-time high
well done analyst_3870851 beating 452 other analysts and the wall street consensus to take the win for nflx -
nflx reports fq4 earnings of 15c eps and 2.48b revs -
happening now ! @thestreet 's live coverage of nflx earnings
highlights from nflx q4 earnings yoy streaming revenue +41 % added 7.05 million new members ( a record ) read more :
rt @mr_showkz99 : @estimize i got the eps right on nflx
rt @stocktwits : whoa . this is netflix right now after earnings . hitting 144/share and new all-time highs : nflx h .
rt @reutersbiz : more : netflix shares rise in after-hours trade after company adds more subscribers than forecast in fourth quarter nflx
rt @cnbc : earnings : netflix added more than 7m streaming subscribers last quarter , sending nflx shares to new all-time high
more : netflix shares rise in after-hours trade after company adds more subscribers than forecast in fourth quarter nflx
nflx up 8 % after company adds a whopping 5.12 million international subscribers
earnings : netflix added more than 7m streaming subscribers last quarter , sending nflx shares to new all-time high .
study : facebook showing major growth as campaign news source fb
rt @lamonicabuzz : whoa . netflix beat on earnings & amp ; sales . subscriber additions easily top forecasts . outlook solid . nflx up 8 % after hours .
netflix sees q1 2017 eps 0.37 vs 0.18 , streaming revenue 2.516b nflx
netflix added jerry seinfeld 's comedians in cars to its growing list of original programming : .
another great quarter at netflix . nflx
rt @alex : super interesting nflx comments on net neutrality here (
rt @danielsparks : nflx up . `` we added 7.05 million net new members ... , against our forecast of 5.20 million and last year 's q4 performance .
about half of the most searched for shows on the net in 2016 were @netflix original shows , says sarandos nflx
rt @macroviewpoints : @guyadami @melissaleecnbc luv bigmac bt why didnt u hv guy taste the new new burger from mcd ? breakout new burger ;
these netflix numbers are really good . international will be profitable next qtr . 7 mil new adds , a record . they are making a profit . nflx
googl fb google just quietly went after mobile a little harder -- and it 's just the start my take via @cnnmoney
rt @ds_investools : 01/18/17 - view today 's market forecast here : discussed : spy iwm gld tlt uso uup eem xly .
. @netflix stock soars to new high on subscriber growth : nflx
netflix adds more subscribers than expected nflx
the 3 themes investors are focused on with gs ' 4q earnings , according to our head of ir :
netflix nflx on the verge of getting bigger overseas than it is in the u.s .
nflx beats expectations .
do n't bet against netflix . nflx
will 2017 be @costco wholesale 's best year yet ? cost
is @fitbit becoming a value stock ? fit
netflix adds more subscribers than expected nflx
alibaba baba to be a major sponsor of the olympics after signing a deal with the ioc that runs until 2028
csx up 12 % pre-market on expected hunter harrison interest citi says stock could nearly double if he gets involved .
ioc president thomas bach calls the new deal btwn the olympics and alibaba a `` wedding . '' more : .
charge ! tesla up 3 % premarket . ms upgrades tsla stock . and panasonic talking about expanding battery partnership .
nflx adds record breaking 7m subs , shares holding 11 above the all-time high
mcdonald 's , raytheon , united rentals : @cnbcfastmoney picks for january 19 mcd rtn uri
how @ryanvlastelica 's dad talked him out of buying nflx and he now consoles himself with talk of single-stock risk
@wilfredfrost @saraeisen live with morgan stanley 's james gorman ! live now ! ms wef17 cnbc
cowen 's december '16 internet retail tracker : amzn us prime subs averaged ~50m in 4q16 ; accounted for 58 % of total amzn purchasers
committed to addressing unmet needs through innovation in dermatology . agn announces fda approval of rhofade
rt @lamonicabuzz : charge ! tesla up 3 % premarket . ms upgrades tsla stock . and panasonic talking about expanding battery partnership .
rt @wilfredfrost : overall ms ceo much more measured in his optimism than moynihan , dimon and blankfein .
overall ms ceo much more measured in his optimism than moynihan , dimon and blankfein .
per @cbinsights - & gt ; 186 unicorns globally , worth about 650b / raised 126b combined , nearly = aapl mkt cap / nearly .
netflix 's studio margins will be eliminated , thanks to more original self-produced content nflx
live : this deal will be transformative for the olympics baba
@rgstocktrader fit is a good guess too i like it .
nice chunk of change : netflix adding 4.7 billion to market cap as stock soars toward record high nflx .
@moneymetalcakes @matt_valdez valdez is butt-cised about his nflx shares hitting all-time highs today .
i 'll try to say it nice . but netflix and tesla . awesome . love watching shorts die . nflx tsla
apple stock is up 20 percent in the last six months . is a whole new rally in store ? aapl
video streaming surpasses dvd/blu-ray sales for the first time amzn nflx cc @statistacharts
these growth etfs are popular with investors vug vtv schg amzn goog
rt @dawngiel : ms ceo gorman says he will be meeting with uk pm may while in davos @cnbc @squawkcnbc
alibaba becomes major olympic sponsor baba
wow ! look at csx go ! up 16.5 % , lifting dow transports ands & amp ; p industrial sector
if you do n't get the gigafactory and its ability to transform solar power into a more useable form . look at the orders from utilities ! tsla
morgan stanley 's gorman : would n't throw out dodd-frank via @bloombergtv ms
stocks start higher . netflix up 8 tesla up 9 . do n't bet against two amazing innovators . musk hastings are the best ! tsla nflx
stocks start the session higher as netflix surges to new high ( up 6.3 % ) after fourth-quarter earnings results beat .
csx nflx tsla are among thursday 's hot stocks via @wsjmoneybeat
stocks on the fund 's watchlist today // futures flat into the open chpk mnk zyne unp nvcr oclr mbly csx tsla nflx spy qqq tlt
canadian pacific ceo s early departure sends csx shares soaring via @louwhiteman
today is not the day to start new positions in tsla or nflx . you 've had many chances this past month . you need to trim & amp ; trail . or wait
linkedin spruces up its desktop interface and hopefully cans the spam msft
baird calls netflix 's earnings report 'a crowning q4 ' nflx
biggest star of the biggest streaming show in the world on cheddar . what a perfect get . nflx
tsla shares climbing after adam jonas upgrade
tsla shares climbing after adam jonas upgrade
rt @jimcramer : nvda now making its move ...
brilliant ! nflx
how @netflix has eliminated most company rules just by hiring great people : via @kruse h/t .
among the record highs in s & amp ; p 500 today ? netflix nflx csx reynolds american rai broadcom avgo lam research lrcx microchip tech mchp
my dad talked me out of the decade s best investment , but he wasn t wrong by @ryanvlastelica nflx
a former bill ackman employee has apparently teamed up with the former ceo of canadian pacific . their target ? csx :
. @realleadelaria , who plays big boo on @oitnb , loves nflx 's vision to reach viewers , calling it `` the future of tel .
decent day 2 to yesterday 's rdr in nvda . trim and trail some more if your still long
why netflix stock is at its highest price ever nflx
it looks like somebody is slowly accumulating a massive stake in csx cp csx ksu nsc
netflix grabbing seinfeld from sony says a ton about how powerful nflx has become : nflx
rt @ophirgottlieb : googl fb google just quietly went after mobile a little harder -- and it 's just the start my take via @cnnmoney
alibaba becomes worldwide olympic partner baba
10,000 invested in the netflix ipo in may 2002 is worth over 1.2 million today . nflx
3d systems higher off yet another takeover rumor ddd ge
rt @charliebilello : returns since netflix announced streaming video 10 yrs ago ... nflx : +4,233 % blockbuster : -99.9 % innovate or die htt .
netflix q4 validates long-term holders ' thesis nflx
5 reasons why @netflix stock is hitting new highs nflx
alphabet ( googl ) buys twitter 's platform for developers via @yahoofinance - twtr googl
if all 500 sp-500 components were nflx we 'd be much higher this morning .
4 reasons adam jonas upgraded tesla and lifted his target to 305 tsla
ca n't deny this @realdonaldtrump ! we must deal with climate change before it 's too late . tsla
tsla is gearing up its 4 bln gigafactory to make old , expensive technology , a recipe for disaster . via @forbes
alibaba ups its game : olympics sponsorship china asia emergingmarkets davos jackma ioc baba @barronsonline
ibm reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.03 eps and +63.56m revs compared to ws
ibm kicks off the big tech earnings season ibm
12/17/2004 my nflx cost for my @tmfstockadvisor : 1.85 . active ever since ; many fools own ! this morning 's move : + 7.50 . thisishowwedoit
netflix is up over 12,000 percent since its ipo in may 2002 , an annualized return of 39 % . nflx
netflix is so big that it doesn t need netneutrality rules anymore nflx
netflix reaching critical mass with consumers , still a top pick at rbc nflx
ibm lands lucrative us army cloud deal
nflx 's bet on originals worked . 6b in 2016 in original content = & gt ; huge subscriber growth ( +2m us , +5m intl this qtr ) . longterm
disruption=now aca amzn airbnb blockchain brexit drones driverless freelancelife lgbt uber trump=disruption , y elected
rt @patrickercole : added to nflx on tuesday . addtoyourwinners @davidgfool @tmfjmo
netflix q4 : a series of fortunate events nflx
i love waking up to this an amazing student locking in nearly 20k in profits ! fb twtr
the midas touch of hunter harrison on operating ratio ( operating expenses as % of revenue ) cp csx
nflx earnings surge , tsla upgrade , ibm & amp ; ge pre-earnings @angiemiles w @freeboardcap pg .
cramer praises netflix 's 'exciting ' earnings , attributes concerning metrics towards 'nitpicking ' nflx
tsla shares up more than 2 % on a good day for tesla bulls . morgan stanley upgrade and feds close autopilot probe w/out a recall .
it pays to be original . at least for nflx .
rt @gerberkawasaki : i 'll try to say it nice . but netflix and tesla . awesome . love watching shorts die . nflx tsla
donald trump and elon musk 's views on us manufacturing could be a big win for tesla tsla
it pays to be original . at least for nflx .
mnuchin thinks tax reform is key . need to bring back cash from offshore accounts . could be big for silicon valley/tech . aapl googl msft
rt @amberkanwar : the midas touch of hunter harrison on operating ratio ( operating expenses as % of revenue ) cp csx
netflix shares are popping today after it proved it still owns the streaming-content crown . nflx read : .
leading stocks that are driving a hot mutual fund 's rally : twgtx fb googl ma aapl amzn avgo amat woof incy
rt @gilliantan : who needs retirement when you have activism ? by @blsuth via @bfly csx cp nsc
bill miller lays out why he 's bullish on amazon amzn
dyk it 's thank your mentor day ? learn how stem mentorship was life changing for regn leaders mentorirl
t. rowe made one of the greatest bets of all time on netflix via @levynews nflx
today , @pgatour kicked off its deal to stream live on twitter for a 60-90 min window every thurs & amp ; fri twtr
snapchat shows we 're still writing in hieroglyphs fb
wtf aid jack doing . these are good assets . it made advertising on twitter more effective . these are complementary b .
bac gaining edge in option trading means creating wealth .
aa got some nibblers chasing it higher
netflix signs seinfeld , throws another 1 billion at original content ; shares hit new high nflx
iwm the volume leader and its up to just 60 % adv w/ 2.5 hrs to go .
. @jimcramer breaks down how netflix 's content is driving subscriber growth : nflx
verastem 's ceo talks dynamo study , the competitive landscape and pitch to investors gild vstm
rt @jeffmacke : big-box retail : fixed ! i 'm sick of watching retailers lose . here 's how tgt & amp ; wmt can beat amzn
netflix original : new shows drive blockbuster quarter nflx
gs ' sheila patel & amp ; @facebook 's @ceverson discuss the power of female leadership at tfqxdavos wef2017
stupidstock move of the day ! csx up 20 % on activist hopes as former cp ceo targets ? yes , stock should be up . but this much ? crazy train .
how netflix 's content distribution has changed over the years amzn cbs cmcsa
shares of csx were spiking over 19 % this afternoon on news ceo hunter harrison is stepping down : .
netflix subscriber growth continues unabated , as margins improve - nflx
csx on an absolute tear today
these golf balls are so popular costco has run out of them cost is truly the private brand master with kirkland .
7 . *this* ai n't a sell-off , btw . and we *will* retest spx 1580 one day . bank that .
rt @chowdachief : @jack @leslieberland working with wh for a streamlined twtr news feed would be great . many world leaders use twtr to comm .
csx : will actively evaluate mantle ridge s views ... look fwd to discussing our core strategy to cont . driving eps growth , shareholder value ''
nflx kicked off tech earnings with a bang . will big blue deliver too ? ibm after bell . ceo ginni rometty on trump advisory council as well .
wow have n't seen this in a long time . spx calling all dip buying algos ... .
netflix bulls win the day as subs data outweigh competition concerns nflx
tesla s autopilot vindicated with 40 % drop in crashes - tsla paving the way . what a great world it will be .
google has a good problem with pixel - googl correct and cml pro predicted very early .
some viewers have speculated that mat is a good buy with it 's naming of a googl exec to be its next ceo . do you agree ? cheddarlive
csx chugs to new highs :
today 's namethatstock is amazon ! thanks to all who chimed in . cheddarlive amzn
rumored activist interest in the rails : why csx , why now ? cp csx ksu
with its autopilot clear of defects and an upgrade by morgan stanley , is tesla ready to soar ?
rt @regeneron : dyk it 's thank your mentor day ? learn how stem mentorship was life changing for regn leaders mentorirl
rt @quagmires : so pleasant to listen to an unemotional , intelligent financial discussion..thanks gc gld gold @keithmccullough @joshcrum
rt @goldmansachs : gs ' sheila patel & amp ; @facebook 's @ceverson discuss the power of female leadership at tfqxdavos wef2017
netflix scores big investing in building its international audience nflx
big blue is no longer big blah ? ibm topped earnings and sales forecasts . guidance looks solid too . ibm up 3 % after hours .
ibm announces cloud revenues of 13.7 billion for full-year 2016 , up 35 %
ibm shares jump more than 2 % after beating earnings expectations
shares of american express axp were arguably due for a bit of a pullback ... this seems pretty tame vs. how far it is above 200 day avg price
ibm rises 1.4 % after announcing results ro
well done marchela beating 78 other analysts and the wall street consensus to take the win for axp -
today s stocks winners : nflx , csx , mnk
breaking : ibm corp. ibm q4 revenue , 21.8b vs. 21.64b expected
breaking : ibm corp. ibm q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) beats estimates , 5.01 vs. 4.88 expected
breaking : american express axp q4 revenue , 8.02b vs. 7.91b expected
really close to massive oi at 225 on spy for tomorrow now , 132 large for iwm and 122 for qqq if things fall tomorrow . not a predicition
the market is closed now so study how to spot the best stocks enjoy fb twtr
rail industry consolidation could be back on the front burner as harrison steps down from cp : cp csx
rt @louwhiteman : hunter harrison is a great exec . that said , the csx rally today is overdone . via @thestreet
tesla shares may now be unstoppable tsla
shares of ibm giving up a chunk of afterhours gains ... currently +0.5 % on 686k shares of volume
a new big-time rally in store for apple ? aapl
this afternoon 's winner for ibm is analyst_1763884 who beats 209 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
ibm beats the estimize eps consensus by 9c and the estimize revenue consensus by 82.84m -
ibm reports fq4 earnings of 5.01 eps and 21.77b revs -
rt @lamonicabuzz : big blue is no longer big blah ? ibm topped earnings and sales forecasts . guidance looks solid too . ibm up 3 % after hours .
big blue ibm also guides full year 2017 operating earnings to at least 13.80 per share vs. 13.74 estimates
nflx surpassed expectations from analysts , polled by @spgmarketintel , for its q4 earnings performance . @mikesnider
ibm share price ibm up 2.9 % after hours on result .
ibm up 3 percent post earnings
ibm shows strong growth in strategic imperatives they now represent 41 % of total revenue
ibm , coming off record year of innovation , beats q4 estimates ibm
rt @kchaykowski : . @linkedin 's website gets a makeover , important bc the network 's most engaged member use the site + mobile app msft
rt @marketfoolery : netflix crushed it , and twitter sold it . ( different `` it '' s though . ) @rongross144 & amp ; @tmfjmo explain . nflx twtr
stocks to watch today : csx corp. ( csx ) lockheed martin corp. ( lmt ) netflix inc. ( nflx )
our strategic imperatives , together generated 33b of revenue in 2016 , and now represent 41 % of our revenue . ibm cfo
tesla shares may now be unstoppable - tsla huh ?
ibm cfo : we delivered 14 % revenue growth in our strategic imperatives for the year led by cloud
apple would save 48.1 billion on its tax bill if trump has his way : aapl
how tesla worked with suppliers to scale production from hundreds to 50k supplychain tsla
@davecraige no , it would n't . amzn is bigger online than the next 10 players . you guys are coming in my house and offering me a tour .
rt @kristineowram : rail industry consolidation could be back on the front burner as harrison steps down from cp : c
returns since ibm 's revenue growth turned negative in 2012 ... qqq : +93 % spy : +77 % ibm : -9 %
rt @snlkagan : nflx surpassed expectations from analysts , polled by @spgmarketintel , for its q4 earnings performance .
google and apigee now oracle and apiary orcl goog
rt @ibmnews : ibm cfo : we delivered 14 % revenue growth in our strategic imperatives for the year led by cloud
@bespokeinvest i believe sheldon adelson 's lvs has been one of the best .
.. @starbucks adds new paternity leave perk for eligible new fathers that work in chain 's stores . sbux
we continue to invest to build out our cloud infrastructure & amp ; now have more than 50 cloud centers globally ibm
. @ibm employees around the world are joining this campaign ibm
. @teslamotors upgraded : 3 things you need to know tsla
ibm just blew it out of the sky with cloud sales results ibm
who needs retirement when you have activism ? @blsuth via @bfly csx
facebooks bungled ad metrics may prompt more independent audits in 2017 , survey finds - fb
ibm cfo : @bmw is our 1st co-located client in @ibm munich center where researchers infuse watson into bmw cars to
in q4 , we acquired promontory , leader in regulatory compliance & amp ; risk- specialists that understand complexity & amp ; ca
if hunter harrison wins bid to drive leadership at csx staffers can look forward to `` hunter camps . '' via @wsj
gs head of investors relations on what drove 4q earnings & amp ; why there s cause for optimism :
rt @timothysykes : the market is closed now so study how to spot the best stocks enjoy fb twtr
americanexpress earnings miss but forecast a better year ahead ! stock has rallied 14 % since election trump axp
a major banking ceo says he actually likes dodd-frank ms
what chatbot solutions , if any , do you use for fb messenger ads ? chatfuel ? chatteron ? custom ? : ) @facebook
7 millionaire success tips you should know that is , if you want to be one too fb twtr
our rick munarriz ( @market ) talking netflix on @cnbc . nflx
today was obama 's last day as us president . the s & amp ; p 500 climbed 166 % since he entered the white house :
rt @thestreettech : ibm just blew it out of the sky with cloud sales results ibm
yield spread widens +7bps this week to +127bps - bullish for the financials xlf bac
rt @microcapcompany : tech leaders : steve jobs & amp ; bill gates talks shop in epic interview about internet of things aapl msft
axp , ibm , swks -- major focus
smurfitkappa tops ftse100 for 1st time ( i think ) since irish packaging maker joined in dec. gs initiation at buy on thu . ko
rt @theofrancis : jobs report : analyzing the trump factor in companies jobs pledges . my latest on @wsj : amzn gm 
jim cramer weighs in on first solar and twitter fslr twtr
tsla adds to its investment in gigafactory ; now it 's time to deliver results
10 stocks to watch for january 20 , 2017 axp col ge rf ibm slb sgyp pg swks ksu
oil services giant schlumberger meets on q4 earnings , sees u.s. shale revival boosting spending
60/40 ( s & amp ; p 500/us 10-year treasury ) : total returns since 1928 ... spx tnx
watch these 6 huge put purchases in friday trade ceco csx ddd gps su oclr
spx futures up 5-6 handles as we head into inauguration day . the chorus is singing `` buy post election '' sell inauguration . we shall see .
bofa analysts : stocks may hit record highs after february dip newsmax via @newsmax_media spx
big week for company anncts as tech behemoths googl amzn report next week - stay ahead with our wall chart capita
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures edge higher ; crude oil rises spy uso axp dpz ge sti ibm
icymi : linkedin spruces up its desktop interface and hopefully cans the spam msft
4 reasons to buy amazon now , according to victor anthony amzn
here 's the spx quick visual . ( from wednesday ) 2254-2257 support still intact . so is resistance at 2272 then 2282
thanks tim cat has worked hard to keep american jobs ever as 70 % of business ous
skyworks ' beat and raise a positive read thru for micron , broadcom , silicon motion swks avgo mu simo
gold , tesla and united continental : @cnbcfastmoney picks for january 20 gdx tsla ual uri
excellent @tgarcianyc on trying to catch amzn
week in review : the age of trump begins , netflix soars , rails roar nflx csx tgt rai
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet ibm twtr
2 new etfs worth a gander oef oew vigi aapl qcom rsp npsny sny rhhby
lion 's share of aapl revenue expansion after iphone8 expected from services growth
house of calls : analysts react to stellar quarter from netflix nflx
skyworks ' strong earnings and guidance sends yet another signal to apple investors - swks aapl ( long both )
apple is ticking higher after the world 's largest asset manager says it has been loading up on shares - aapl
. @bankofamerica ceo brian moynihan will finish up his wef17 panel ~1/2hr before mr. trump 's festivities begin bac
youtube gets social with in-app messaging via @yahoofinance - googl smart
expert : look for adidas and puma to continue run in 2017 addyy lb nke uaa
skyworks skies to 16-month high as earnings beat , apple in line : swks aapl qrvo
amzn tfw when you 're happy to get a mystery box from amazon . `` did i impulsively buy something and forget ? maybe ! `` .
stocks closed up . first time in over 50 years that a president has been welcomed by a rising stock market on his first day in office . spx
oh happy day . have a good weekend ! spy spx
despite a slow choppy , week , we see a new all-time high close on the qqq
if snapchat is somehow via pixie dust calculations valuing themselves at 20-25b on 150m users , twtr should easily be 2x in share price .
video stock mkt analysis spy nvda iwm xlf signup 4 chartsummit free here ! !
rt @gomoneybadger : the video game industry is worth nearly 100 billion worldwide . here s how to invest in it : ea
yes ! and you know who 's great at picking gifts for me ? i am . i 'll for sure like whatever i bought 2 days ago . i 'll
@cramersshirt bought them ~4yrs ago and still perfect . like being swaddled . the way nke or ua stuff feels twice after you buy it .
bac wfc this is edge : how the big banks turn into massively profitable option vehicles
spy spx beat the market with options
tesla s crash rate dropped 40 percent after autopilot was installed , feds say : tsla
apple : `` at various times , qualcomm has refused to guarantee apple s supply of chipsets '' imagine an iphone shortage thanks to qcom
@dewdiligence yeah ... bmy teva gild all 52 week low club . weird market when rev generating companies are harder than pre rev .
rt @hsilverb : spx dn slightly for 2nd week ( -0.15 % & amp ; -0.10 % ) , but up 1.45 % ytd & amp ; only 0.25 % away fr its closing high ; next week brings 116 spx
rt @catskillfishing : @fundstrat ibm looks bullish to me . big volume today . outside day . / cc : @fundstrat @reddogt3 @riskreversal @stovall
bac an option strategy with a 90 % win rate
47 % of spx companies have beat sales estimates for q4 to date , below the 5-year average ( 53 % ) .
original content could boost apple 's slowing sales in iphones and ipads at the expense of netflix and spotify :
also watch spx 2254-2257. holding that keeps upper ranges intact
rt @evannex_com : check out this excellent tesla review from dutch tv host , watch here : tsla teslamotors teslamo
this chart shows one of the greatest economic debates of this century . what do you think ? :
netflix earnings : 5 things to watch ( nflx )
let it be known that i was in favor of moments when they were first rolled out . i thought twtr shoulda opened up creation to users asap .
cot : dollar sold ahead of ecb trump inauguration saxostrats by ole hansen oil gld slv
cot : bullish commodity bets highest since june 2014 by ole hansen oil gld slv
ibm - ibm a 200 's in sight -
rt @cecileva : vxx gets its biggest weekly inflows since october :
7 must watch stocks for january 23 , 2017 bro hal jjsf yhoo peri mcd zion
breaking : halliburton hal q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) beats estimates , 0.04 vs. 0.02 expected
spx iconic right hand ready for real earnings season to begin this week . futures off lows .
rt @foxbusiness : breaking - amazon announced they will add 100,000 full-time , full-benefit jobs in the us by mid-2018 . amzn
earnings pleasantries with these etfs amzn xle xlf xly
dragonfly capital - what to expect from the stock market this week spy iwm qqq tlt gld and more
bid-ask on wfm this morning : 30.24- 30.95
apple supplier says it may spend 7b to build us factory that would create up to 50k jobs : aapl via @jethromullen
great work by sixofhearts who takes the win for mcd beating 129 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
paypal remains a major beneficiary of the unstoppable growth in e-commerce pypl xoom
5 trade ideas for monday : blk de ibm ry vmc
nike could become a player in an unexpected market : eyewear nke
happy 24th birthday to spy , the most important etf in history ! @michaelbatnick has some awesome stats
companies meting with trump : tsla f lmt jnj
mcd q4 earnings 1.44 , against the 1.41 expected . more on us reporting season : losses can
99 problems and time for investment ? sprint acquires 33 % of jay z 's tidal aapl s
rt @forensicinvstor : vxx is the greatest long term investment vehicle in the history of the market . alternativefacts
earnings season is in full swing baba mmm cree txn ebay biib amzn goog msft sbux
exactly . thank you for highlighting this portion from @keithmccullough 's `` early look '' this morning .
csx upgraded to outperform at bmo notablecalls . believes stock could double under hunter harrison
bmo boosts target on alphabet to 1,000 ahead of thursday 's earnings goog googl
speculation is mounting that apple could build a tv because of trump aapl
rt @johnnerkell : u.s. sales slow at @mcdonalds as co laps all-day breakfast success but growth continues abroad . mcd
mcdonald 's tech future : testing order and pay through internet , app ; curbside check-in ; in-restaurant kiosks . mcd
rt @nanexllc : that was ~3200 s & amp ; p 500 futures sold through 4 ticks ( 1.00 ) at 11:47:17 . es_f spy ( that 's 360m worth )
spy getting more comfortable below 8/21day 225.97ish . the 50day is down at 223.45ish
tsla up 2 % today and 16.5 % ytd . does market believe that elon musk and president trump are new bffs ? and that this is good news for tesla ?
nice read from @evanmedeiros - `` back to back inside weeks hint at big move '' - spy
digital ad growth will help lift alphabet 20 % googl
alibaba earnings : 23 % upside , rbc says emergingmarkets china baba @barronsonline
nafta , visas , aapl & amp ; qcom lawsuit , yhoo earnings , trump rally -- all hot topics on @cnbcclosingbell today ! tune in 3-5p et
5 earnings short-squeeze plays : alibaba , freeport-mcmoran , more baba fcx
most of high beta tech acted strong during the spx pullback this morning
chip stocks might be peaking , but some have growth drivers : nvda amd adi mchp mtsi
how yhoo might deliver investors a final nice surprise ( thanks to trump and gop )
analysts and investors are counting on alibaba 's solid e-commerce performance to continue :
rt @agwarner : vxx is a great long term hold . period
these heavily shorted stocks could get squeezed much higher if they report positive earnings this week :
yahoo ! reports earnings after the bell , but investors really only care about its pending 4.8b verizon deal : yhoo
alexa gives amazon a powerful data advantage : amzn googl
making halliburton great again : via @bfly hal
amazon out to crush the auto parts industry next ? reports of amzn entering business hurting azo orly gpc aap . all down about 3 % to 4 % .
rolled the long jan 27 exp 130 calla in fb to a jan 27 exp/feb 130 call calendar and sold the feb 135 calls as well
starting to really like tesla again . want to see how bad solar city looks in the financials but other than that , very bullish . tsla
nice . a little extra cash for on the googl trade pre-earnings . cleared both pivots and at ath
rt @liamdenning : making halliburton great again : via @bfly hal
rt @canuck2usa : nq_f qqq solid all day really
rt @adamfeuerstein : point no . 5 . celg doesn t need to buy biib , but it should . hugin should listen to me !
these stocks have more than doubled in two years and i m betting on more gains to come : trader nflx nvda
. @jimcramer breaks down which companies he thinks may surprise investors with positive tuesday earnings :
. @shakeshack created its mobile app to drive sales and stay on trend , ceo @randygarutti says , pointing to sbux as
see which of these fastest growing companies is near a buy point ahead of earnings . fb is one .
alphabet soup . googl up 2 % today . all-time high . earnings out on thursday . no pressure , right ?
the 'strong buy ' case in facebook : whatsapp , instagram and more fb
amazon 's sales = 27.6 % of us retail sales ( ex-auto food & amp ; gas ) 49 % of us households have prime vs 29 % 3 yr ago amzn
great work by analyst_6888244 who takes the win for yhoo beating 87 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
yhoo beats the estimize eps consensus by 3c and the estimize revenue consensus by 49.64m -
yhoo reports fq4 earnings of 25c eps and 960m revs -
yhoo spiking after hours
yahoo stock up 1 % after hours yhoo
earnings : yahoo q4 eps 0.25 adj . vs. 0.21 est . ; q4 revs . 1.47b vs. 1.38b est . yhoo
things to watch for as internet earnings season continues this week amzn baba fb nflx goog ebay pypl yelp w
@goldhat_lou the twtr blue check , i assume . same way i get free upgrades on every flight .
and googl made an all time high
a full look at a `` uniquely eventful '' year for yhoo 's finances
these are the leading credit card processing companies jpm bac c wfc vntv tss bcs fdc
banking to help alibaba-backed paytm lure 500 million users fintech baba
you guys notice , another new all-time high qqq
yahoo reports better than expected revenue and profits for q4 . it now expects verizon deal to close in q2 instead of q1 . yhoo vz
more : yhoo posts 0.25 earnings per share , beating 0.21 expectation
fang+ : facebook , amazon form handles as alphabet hits high fb amzn googl nflx aapl
`` the u.s. production site eventually would create 30,000 to 50,000 jobs , the taiwanese tycoon said '' aapl
rt @debbywuintaipei : aapl may invest in 7b us panel plant with foxconn , but the two are n't ditching china anytime soon . maga
breaking : senate panel votes along party lines to approve president donald trump 's nominee for secretaryofstate ! via @ap exxon xom
rt @usatodaytech : breaking : verizon-yahoo close pushed back to second quarter via yhoo vz
yahoo beat q4 expectations , but the verizon buyout has been delayed yhoo
gs ' cio of private wealth management on why she s bullish on us equities :
yahoo revenue rises 15.4 % amid verizon deal uncertainty yhoo
. @teslamotors : expect major improvements every 12 to 18 months tsla
netflix ceo explains why his company keeps growing nflx
usearningsseason continues ! today jnj cat vz announce their results . do n't miss any with our wall chart . capita
from hong kong : gs ' peter oppenheimer shares outlook for global equity markets , trade & amp ; europe on @bloombergtv
yesterday 's top ftse100 risers - antofagasta anto , fresnillo fres , anglo american aal , london stock exch lse and land securities land
apple has fixed a bug that was causing battery problems in the new macbook pro aapl
a great way 2 play earnings . let the 1st candle settle . u can buy vs earnings gap . or when it clears post earnings
deepmind 's ai experts have pledged to pass on their knowledge to students at ucl goog
high beta tech has acted very healthy in 2017. lots of great set ups in googl amzn fb tsla baba aapl ntes - i go over them daily
spx futures up 2 after holding 2254-2257 range keeping this upper range intact as we get lots of individual stock movement . resistance 2277
good morning . mostly small green arrows around the world . in europe the dax+.26 % cac+.25 . in asia the shanghai+.20 % hk+.22 % spx futs +2
apple won a patent for an apple watch with speakers and touch screens in the band aapl
rt @alibabagroup : baba earnings : blowout quarter . strong beat top to bottom . release here :
alibaba beat on earnings and revenue . boosts sales guidance . baba up nearly 4 % premarket . now about that yhoo/ vz transaction ...
baba earnings : getting very close to half a billion mobile monthly active users on our marketplaces !
baba earnings : improving user monetization . china commerce revenue per annual active buyer : us 35 ; mobile revenue
thanks . baba is now 101+ . there were lots of ways to trade it . now u manage it based on your style .
baba earnings : strong free cash flow of 4.9 billion enabling investment in future growth areas , e.g . cloud , digit
baba beats the estimize eps consensus by 13c and the estimize revenue consensus by 144.19m -
baba earnings : highly profitable core commerce segment , generating us 4.3 billion in adjusted ebita and 64 % adjust
baba earnings : core commerce segment grew 45 % year over year .
baba increases 2017 fiscal year revenue growth guidance from 48 % to 53 % yoy .
baba earnings : blowout quarter . strong beat top to bottom . release here :
alibaba 's revenue beats estimates on strong single day sales baba
highlights from alibaba 's earnings 493 million mobile maus 765k cloud customers 4.7b mobile revenue baba :
the dow is ticking higher ahead of a busy day of earnings reports . watch : baba yhoo vz jnj
do n't sleep on jack ma . baba
alibaba 's cloud unit aliyun doubled its paying customers y/y to more than 765,000. significantly improved cloud mar
15 steps to getting started with stock trading these steps are not optional fb twtr
twtr only up 1.9 % ytd , but @twitter is clearly where washington and the white house are trading ideas . healthcare
netflix holding strong . one amazing show after the next . i 've been glued to fauda theur international content is excellent . nflx
apple q1 earnings preview : still poised to ripen aapl
stocks start higher on good overall economy . tesla keeps moving higher . us based auto manufacturers in focus . tsla made in the usa !
bigly is perfectly cromulent . ( on another topic , hey , twtr , how about editing ? or less stupid autocorrect ? or you know anything ? )
alibaba shares are rising before the bell on its better-than-expected earnings : baba
benzinga 's top upgrades , downgrades for january 24 aapl aet cala data eca kbh hum watt de otex fti scg
fcx on it 's horse again .
google just traded as high as 849/share . a new all-time high . it 's up 1,463 % since its 2004 ipo . googl :
alibaba crushes earnings estimates , raises guidance - baba
alibaba raises guidance as strategy shift makes progress - baba
top cancer drugs with promising sales potential - celg ( long )
rt @ophirgottlieb : vxx vix the incredible option strategy that has worked for 10 straight years
fcx you beautiful bastard .
trending tickers : some stocks to keep an eye on today jnj yhoo baba aapl
yhoo pops on earnings . baba , which yhoo owns stake in , also up on earnings . but vz , which wants to buy yhoo , sinks on its earnings .
alibaba earnings could keep this etf rolling baba kweb
gs is proud to sponsor the enigma2017 conference in oakland see you there ! @enigmaconf
dow right in the middle of the trading range it 's been since dec. 9 . djia
earnings hold us indices aloft . mining/materials do best : freeport , dow , newmont . yhoo helps too ; +3.7 % after pft beat dj spx
skyworks may signal a strong quarter for semis via @investopedia - swks ( long ) avgo
. @potus reigns in overreaching epa in a big way . s & amp ; p 500 and nasdaq composite on pace for record closes . coincide
fcx i do n't own this one but that 's a sweet resumption higher
love the action in fcx ! ! rt @jackbobeck : @dr_options fcx letting it run ! thanks @jonnajarian for the shout out a few weeks ago !
aapl it 's extremely risky , bu this option strategy during apple earnings has been a huge winner
vxx vix the incredible option trade that has won for 10-straight years
well done @j_holliman beating 69 other analysts and the wall street consensus to take the win for isrg -
the most accurate cree estimate is from @heyimsnuffles , beating 80 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
cree beats the estimize eps consensus by 6c and the estimize revenue consensus by 22.73m -
cree reports fq2 earnings of 20c eps and 346.96m revs -
5 stocks to watch after the market closes tomorrow - qcom ebay lvs ffiv ctxs
breaking : intuitive surgical isrg q4 revenue , 756.9m vs. 739.65m expected
breaking : intuitive surgical isrg q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) beats estimates , 6.09 vs. 5.99 expected
nvda continues to do `` what it is supposed to do ''
in contrast , the far more mature crm is only slightly-better-valued-per-dollar-of-trailing-rev at a price/sales of 6.62
rt @sassy_spy : spy 20-day highs at highest level this year spx
the most accurate stx estimate is from @udalltechstrat , beating 58 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
stx beats the estimize eps consensus by 29c and the estimize revenue consensus by 63.85m -
rt @sassy_spy : qqq 20-day highs at highest level since july
amazon is always so smart . i was just thinking of something like this . subscription toy service . amzn
spy 20-day highs at highest level this year spx
qqq 20-day highs at highest level since july
you can use bitcoin to purchase stuff on amazon , and more amzn
have i mentioned anything about new all-time high in qqq lately ... ... ... yes again
mooresville native , ex-morgan stanley ceo john mack shares optimism about trump ms
the team that built apple 's first macintosh computer : then and now aapl
microsoft names its `` chief '' chief technology officer linkedin msft
gs ' private wealth management cio , sharmin mossavar-rahmani , comments on 2017 economic outlook with @charlierose
coming up on @cnbcclosingbell , @peterbachmd makes the case of his forbes oped on why the us govt should buy gild . tune in !
alibaba beats estimates , thanks to single 's day shopping , cloud , digital media eps beats | 9.02 vs. 7.72 est . baba
how much is a mac from 1984 worth today ? aapl ebay
the s & amp ; p 500 & amp ; dow today both logged their best days since 1/3 . the nasdaq composite posted its best day since 1/4 . spx djia ixic
alibaba group raises outlook as revenue surges baba via @liz_in_shanghai
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high list jumps to 42 stocks led by tech , industrials and cons discretionary . xlk xli xly
rt @cnbcfastmoney : markets are at record highs - here 's what you can still buy xlb spy
markets are at record highs - here 's what you can still buy xlb spy
we 're at least a little closer to more of those cheaper whole foods stores . wfm
rt @sanglucci : most banks now floating up , big moves from the am are in . let 's see if they support and run it again in afternoon . gs jpm
4 solid millionaire success tips learn from those who have been successful fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : 7 penny stock trading tips for newbies always good to review the basics fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : watch how i made 2k to start the week off right these gains add up over time fb twtr
alibaba has 23 % upside baba china
alibaba rising : price targets rise as retail business dazzles @defotis baba china
@leejay17s still really small numbers . but twtr has this market
apple is looking to make it in india - aapl
amazon 's oscar nomination for `` manchester by the sea '' may give its studio further credibility :
total agreement-anything that makes csco less dependent on legacy hardware is terrific ...
softbank shares to get alibaba boost ? @barronsisabella baba japan nikkei sftu
rt @barronsasia : softbank shares to get alibaba boost ? @barronsisabella baba japan nikkei sftu
. @cisco : a 10 % dividend increase could be on the way soon csco
look , i like chk because i like nat gas . .. it 's not a great company . it has a lot of gas !
rt @yahoofinance : it looks like amazon is winning the race to wire the smart home amzn
it looks like amazon is winning the race to wire the smart home amzn
good morning . green arrows around the world . europe 's tight upper range expands , dax+1.2 % cac+1 % . in asia , nikkei+1.4 % hk+.43 % spx futs+7
google 's virtual reality film has been nominated for an oscar goog
keep an eye on these 15 stocks today aa abt ba ebay t stx eat mck txn wdc rok cree utx qcom cof
why apple users have higher credit scores than everyone else aapl
online traffic trends as indication of athletic brand health : john kernan looks @data ads.gr lulu colm dks hbi ges fit skx uaa fit
high expectations for googl q4 earnings @petergarnry
chk is a huge company , do n't expect moves over night ! !
adbe is a big position for club members ...
this is what yesterday 's all-time closing high for the sp500 looked like = 2280 spx
rt @benzinga : keep an eye on these 15 stocks today aa abt ba ebay t stx eat mck txn wdc rok cree utx
this morning 's winner for fcx is @philmasch who beats 52 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
fcx misses the estimize eps consensus by 9c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 288.77m -
breaking : freeport-mcmoran fcx q4 revenue , 4.38b vs. 4.36b expected
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures surge ahead of earnings spy uso vz utx aa stx eat
intense buying lifts intel : here 's how to trade it now intc
yes we will have chuck robbins on @squawkstreet to talk about the acquisition of appdynamics for 3.7 billion . csco
`` 1984 '' is now the number 1 best seller on amazon amzn ...
watching u.s. futures right now . djia poised to cross 20k at the open !
iwm- woke up with a day 1 type feel as it 's been in consolidation mode . some levels and thoughts
alcoa upgraded as commodities gain momentum aa
why ibm stock is priced for perfection ibm
watch these 7 huge put purchases in wednesday trade coh gnc gps res sbux himx infn
stock market high : dow looks ready to hit 20,000 when the opening bell rings , records for the nasdaq & amp ; s & amp ; p500 last night spx dji
garycohn is set to walk away from gs with around 100m as he begins his new role . but you should know this ...
6 hottest stocks among shorts : weight watchers moves ahead of the pack gpro insy tsla wtw uaa ziop
dow industrials set to open above 20,000 ; facebook , amazon extend breakouts ba stx fb amzn wdc fcx csco
dax ripping and will be better play in eps growth and valuation than spy
amazon is now worth more than america 's 8 largest retailers combined @jpmanga @yahoofinance amzn
trump stocks on the move premkt : unitedtech , -1.2 % after inline pft & amp ; fcasts ; boeing , +1.3 % as deliveries outlook beats 2016 dj spx
gs- gave a nice trade from the 50day- and is always good to know for bank sentiment- levels-
rt @crystalxlau : watching u.s. futures right now . djia poised to cross 20k at the open !
hard drives ... easy money ? seagate surging on results and outlook . stx up 13 % premarket . rival wdc up 6 % too .
will it happen ? djia poised to cross 20k at open dow20k
there 's usually one easy trade per day . the trick is to find it . spx ndx
record-breaking wednesday - dow 20,000 back in sight ! dia fcx earnings dow20k --
ibm is up nearly 44 % in a year . but can the stock sustain these levels ? ibm
when djia blows past 20,000 , you can send thanks my way . dow20k
love the netflix `` download to watch later '' feature . definitely increasing my overall usage . nflx
upside pre-mkt : acat , newr , bobe , logi , stx , hk , hf , xxia , sqm , ast , wdc , cree , mtw powered by
cisco may have captured a unicorn in appdynamics csco
@eldogeseeker it 's high risk but high potential reward . chk . we also like eog mmp and etp do n't forget fcx oil gas dow20k
s & amp ; p 500 all-time highs : ba csx nsc de itw
here 's what forrest gump and lieutenant dan 's apple investment could be worth now aapl
i bought some bidu vs 176.25 and looks better above 179- 180 . also bought small calls for earnings as sometimes it 's a sloppy trade
u.s. crude output hits 9-month high , supplies up . but oil prices up , bp fang pe near key points
googl vs. amzn : tech giants race to the 1,000-a-share level
arby 's says it 's on track to reach 4b in sales by 2018 as mcdonald 's struggles to get people in the door :
rt @cheddar : live : dow breaks 20k . will it close above the mark ? cheddarlive golive djia
rt @seeitmarket : caterpillar reports earnings 1/26 am . shares are approaching the top of a 6 year range cat
for the first time ever , the dow jones industrial average has topped 20,000 . djia
look , i do n't expect a big quarter but there are a lot of things that are working at aapl including repatriation a
breaking : qualcomm qcom q1 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) beats estimates , 1.19 vs. 1.18 expected
record closes all around - dow easily ends above 20k . ba , cat , jpm , aapl leading on the session . dow20k read :
the market is closed now so watch this video on how to create real wealth very important video here fb twtr
rt @stocktwits : you 're looking at 228 years of stock market history in america . and where dow 20,000 stands . djia :
rt @stocktwits : basically everyone 's notification screen right now djia
great work by republicanswag who takes the win for lvs beating 81 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
rt @timothysykes : go print out these great stock market rules they 're the best i know fb twtr
the most accurate qcom estimate is from ryan_0303 , beating 195 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
most active options : fcx earnings miss , baba , fb competing w snapchat , bac , aapl @marleykayden
@whatsreal12 he should focus on model 3 launch , solarcity integration , gigafactory and all the other things that matter to tsla investors .
rt @ericjhonsa : buying appdynamics suggests csco wants to be a top it management software player . that could spell more deals .
ebay reports q4 results . revenue 2.4 b & amp ; total gross merchandise volume 22.3 b .
spy fresh breakout , target on mm to 234 , support 228/226.5/225/224
breaking : ebay ebay q4 revenue , 2.4b vs. 2.4b expected
breaking : ebay ebay q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) 0.54 inline with expectations
fb updates trending feature to curb fake news
a mcdonald s in america is launching an atm that spits out free big macs mcd
traders are thanking big banks today - shares of gs and jpm accounted for 20 % of dow20k growth
just in : shares of ebay soar in extended trade after company posts earnings for the holiday period
iwm breaking bull flag higher , 138.50 resistance , target on mm 141 , support 136/135/134.5/131.8
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high list jumps to 73 stocks led by tech , industrials , financials , consdisc & amp ; materials . xlk xli
rt @361capital : new all-time highs : spy qqq mdy dia xly itot xlb fdn kie
gs ' sharmin mossavar-rahmani discusses her 2017 investment outlook with @scarletfu on @bloombergtv
@bartosiastics @gwydion_1 baba giving me life today !
ulta may want all-time highs soon - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
googl to new all-time high ; earnings tomorrow see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
ebay soars after record q4 ebay
starbucks earnings on tap for tomorrow after the market closes . perhaps we 'll get an opportunity to buy ... the drip ?
wenig : we have seen accelerating growth in the number of business sellers on our platform throughout 2016 ebay
the post race party rages on as we surge through djia 20k @bivo bistro , livigno , italia
rt @barronstechblog : servicenow surges 5 % on q4 beat : crushed it , says mizuho - tech trader daily - barron 's now crm wday orcl sap h
highlights from our q4 earnings call ebay
wenig : q4 was a record quarter for us , highlighted by solid performance in our ebay business
our earnings webcast has begun . we are now live-tweeting ebay ceo @devinwenig s remarks on ebay s q4 results
rt @timothysykes : 5 essentials to becoming a millionaire before you 're 30 or at any age too fb twtr
the dow hit 20,000 today and if your friends do n't understand what that means , send them this : djia dia
@mredwardyun @niraj @basche42 @spectacles yeah but then they start competing with @apple , which honestly is harder than fighting fb
what an exciting time to be an investor ! check out djia journey in this video clip . dow20k breakinghistory
earnings expected thurs : googl msft intc cmcsa celg - 5 largest u.s. companies by market cap . be prepared :
read this , then buy fb
. @americanair is eliminating in-seat screens on new jets aal
7 signs you 're being scammed out of your money do n't fall for this bs please fb twtr
carl icahn most be feeling good selling 50 mil apple shares at 95 that warren buffett bought giving 1.25 bil in gains away . aapl
holt cat , a chain of @caterpillarinc dealerships , to open 20m facility in austin area cat
rt @pateltexas : thinking about doing this trade if market comes down and vxx goes up . cmlviztm
@mikedonof i think there is value in bud for sure ; great operators & amp ; sbux is a quintessential holding for any long-term investor .
dow 10k 's hottest stocks : where are they now ? dow ge hon mcd dia
american express : signs of life amidst the costco rubble axp
rt @seeitmarket : [ new ] stocks soar past milestones - what 's next ? -- & gt ; feat . @marknewtoncmt @noanettrader spx d
what 's the best performing index so far in 2017 ? your answer dow dia +1.5 % s & amp ; p 500 spy +2.7 % nasdaq qqq +5.8 %
2 ways costco is beating the competition cost
qqq how to trade the nasdaq 100 with options and win
good news for micron technology brings bad tidings for silicon motion . simo mu
amazon has entered the trillion dollar ocean freight business amzn
facebook taps hugo barra , former google exec who helped build android , to head virtual reality efforts fb oculus
rt @johnscharts : aapl . googl . fb , msft
spy cleared 226.80 then 227.25 tuesday and had a nice gap and go yesterday . holding 228.51 keeps momentum for 230++
spx futures up 3-4 handles after igniting above 2276 tuesday & amp ; clearing 2284 yesterday . now we 'll see if it can hold 2300+ for 2325 target
15 stocks to watch for january 26 bmy cat ebay f googl luv msft qcom intc t pypl wdc jblu sbux mcd
surprising ... unless ant financial is has plans for blockchain technology also . baba
the most accurate luv estimate is from grandeed , beating 67 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
luv beats the estimize eps consensus by 5c and the estimize revenue consensus by 36.52m -
watch these 8 huge call purchases in thursday trade aapl amrn mrvl yhoo ter teva syna rio
great work by phi16 who takes the win for cat beating 65 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
cat beats the estimize eps consensus by 15c and misses the estimize revenue consensus by 192.96m -
comcast tops on strong subscriber gains , hikes dividend , will split 2-for-1 cmcsa nflx t
track your sleep or die ! ( from my tumblr page ! read it while it still exists ! ) cc :
boeing , gm , qualcomm and more : @cnbcfastmoney picks for january 26 ba gm mrvl qcom xlf
fast content vs. good content stocks spx
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures up ahead of earnings spy uso jnj utx ebay qcom t
amzn shipping initiative highlights its plan to improve service
well done analyst_7988082 beating 71 other analysts and the wall street consensus to take the win for celg -
rt @street_insider : repost : ant financial baba to acquire moneygram mgi for 13.25 per share , or 880 million
comcast s brian roberts : `` incredible level of sign-on & amp ; engagement '' with recently launched netflix x1 functionality nflx cmcsa
biggest single spx earnings day ; a quarter of spx has reported : 70 % +eps surprise , +5 % avg. , spx 20.55t market cap now . @terranovajoe
spx futures flattish after a two day powerful move- an inside day would be constructive . levels
will give one of these 4 stocks as a free earnings play . vote by 11 am in link . googl intc msft sbux
amazon is committed to widening margins amzn
huge win for facebook and oculus to hire hugo barra . expecting much more from them soon . vr fb gaming
in the fourth quarter , iphone sales contributed 60 % of apple 's total revenues : aapl
rt @rexshares : vmax nominated by @etf.com for most innovative and best new alternative etf vix xiv vxx @batsgl
upside pre-mkt : stml , crr , uri , pkx , ebay , now , shw , ter , banc , hzn , stm , luv , deo , rad powered by
@willypx52 to me yhoo is as obvious trump trade as there is . it 's al about baba and tax treatment soaring btw
if you 're talking about getting stuff done & amp ; negotiating with no-nonsense and from a position of power ; trump is dominating via twtr
the bulk of djia s 1,000-point path to 20,000 was paved by just 5 components , led by goldman sachs
cat : '' trade idea 3 : sell jan 27 expiry 95/100 strangle for 1.58 credit . '' watch strikes , looks good to keep full credit
pachter : expect positive eps revisions in upcoming facebook quarters fb
rt @frankmottek : stocks open at new highs dow up 25 to 20,091 dow20k luv +7 % @cbsla @knxfrank updates at 20 and 50 @knx1070
stocks start higher again . led by facebook and t-mobile moving nicely higher . facebook add big vr hire for oculus . much needed . tmus fb
`` this is the year for the monetization of facebook '' @jimcramer on @squawkstreet i 'm looking at whatsapp - are bots or ads coming ? fb
luv a monster this morning . booked 1.17-pts in 2 1/2 minutes..
amazon + anime = aha ! money ! let s talk about prime s niche video plans . amzn
googl intc msft sbux seems no need to wait last hour , googl overwhelming favorite
3 of the best-performing stocks ever . since their ipo : hd +396,600 % amzn +48,300 % msft +63,100 %
cramer 's stop trading ebay `` now i look at ebay and i think , i m going to go back there and buy things again ''
you got to know when to accumulate 'em : las vegas sands weakness wo n't last long lvs
qqq quadrupling the nasdaq 100 in six months
rt @kchaykowski : facebook taps hugo barra , former google exec who helped build android , to head virtual reality efforts fb oculus
rt @ophirgottlieb : winning in options is in fact science . edge is science . here is an example with bank of america ( bac )
what to expect from alphabet 's q4 earnings : pay attention to those 'other ' bets - googl
q4 restaurant review : wedbush favors jack in the box , starbucks bjri bwld chuy jack sbux taco pnra cmg wen
if vz buys chtr , the deal would have to go for ~ 110b . yhoo and aol together were worth & lt ; 10b @shalini
rt @atbwebb : our look at what to expect in next week 's apple earnings . aapl
servicenow 's beat and raise quarter tops even the most bullish expectations now csc hpe ibm
ebay set to complete 12-year breakout ebay via @investopedia
alibaba affiliate ant financial to acquire moneygram in us 880 million deal | south china morning post baba
dec 9 on @optionsaction i detailed a bullish trade idea in googl , earnings tonight , update :
southwest ceo -- 'the story in the quarter is mainly just a strengthening of demand post-election ' luv
csco just gave a shot in the arm to every non-profitable , overvalued unicorn
googl reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.13 eps and +69.72m revs compared to ws
`` everyone 's a genius in this market ! `` : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
rt @cnbcjosh : msft hits new high ahead of earnings report . we discuss on @squawkalley this am . @satyanadella is even more excited than thi
msft hits new high ahead of earnings report . we discuss on @squawkalley this am . @satyanadella is even more excite
tesla starts promoting model 3 in store with new teaser video via @fredericlambert - tsla
austin pubcos @wholefoods , @siliconlabs among biggest stock gainers since trump 's election victory wfm slab
in lockstep : dow20k significance magnified by record highs for spx spy dia bmy cat f intc goog sbux msft
rt @cnnmoneyinvest : sorry , @starbucks . uber has become the new bff of business travelers sbux
paypal , stubhub provide headwinds for ebay in q4 ebay pypl
rt @thealtheachang : imagine facebook live in virtual reality . haha ! @tomsguide fb
live : amazon takes to the high seas amzn watch :
estee lauder gets aggressive , sets up for potential earnings inflection buff el ulta
rt @epvantage : it s official oncology is king in the venture-backed world celg azn nvs
big earnings day on @cnbcclosingbell ! tune in at 4p et for earnings from goog , msft , sbux , intc & amp ; more ! cnbc
apple finally agrees to join ai ethics group aapl
first googl earnings since pixel phone and google home shipped . curious if they cause any noticeable other bump :
msft reports after the close . last two reports were very good . stock is +34 % from brexit low .
the improving business cycle is at the core of gs research s commodity & amp ; oil outlook for 2017 :
rt @riskreversal : dec 9 on @optionsaction i detailed a bullish trade idea in googl , earnings tonight , update :
already have positions in msft and googl
why gs research s jeff currie sees rising demand for oil & amp ; commodities in 2017 :
more bac chomping . if we dump and these guys bug out , all hell could break . otherwise , more signs pointing bull bu
citizens of the world : it 's time to retire the doomsday clock . twtr
learn how gs is helping to revitalize newark 's teachers village ( @somanewark )
the verdict is in : december quarter showings place alibaba head and shoulders above ebay baba ebay
aal reports before the open tomorrow , estimize consensus +0.01 eps and +2.25m revs compared to ws
googl
so long , twitter moments ! sorta . now part of explore tab . twtr
dare to dream . verified missile exchange would be the greatest dip buying opportunity ever . spx
alphabet earnings cheat sheet : what role will hardware play in future growth plans ? goog googl
facebook has a new virtual reality chief fb goog
rt @loveyourcrm : congrats to @salesforce crm for winning 3rd on @fortunemagazine 's best large places to work in technology 2017
icymi : we released ebay q4 earnings yesterday , delivering a record quarter driven by a strong holiday season .
the spy and qqq both hitting records today . if you re bullish on stocks , which is the best pick ? we 're live at 2 :
today 's market leaders by price volume chtr amzn fb see full list
i love what you have done with ebay ! !
the bull case for ebay in 2017 ebay
rt @ophirgottlieb : this was in july w @armstrongcbc and it feels like both aapl and twtr are in the same place .
why gs research s jeff currie sees rising demand for oil & amp ; commodities in 2017 :
things i m looking for in goog earnings : - mobile ad health - hardware ? - cloud - youtube - other bets
western digital delivers across the board beat ; how is it better than seagate ? stx wdc
wedbush s james dix discussed his alphabet rating ahead of earnings with @scottwapnercnbc on @halftimereport
just noticing near-universal wall st. love for googl : 42/45 analysts rate it buy . yet been about that way for 18 mos and stock 's done well .
. @elonmusk 's surprise rapport with @realdonaldtrump sparks 40 % @teslamotors rally . tesla tsla cars
4 stocks to watch before the market opens tomorrow cvx hon aal gd
after ( finally ) breaking above 20,000 , the dow has moved just 58.10 points today . djia
facebook could still hit 150 : here 's why fb
source talking to me about centennial generation . my kids ( 7 and 3 ) in it . i liked gen z better . but not igen . aapl does n't own everything .
rt @cnbcclosingbell : full team earnings coverage : - @dee_bosa : googl - @cnbcjosh : msft - @aditiroycnbc : sbux - @jonfortt : intc - @kayla
qualcomm 's legal issues not likely to interrupt nxp takeover qcom aapl intc nxpi
paypal needs to show big growth at braintree or venmo to get investors excited for the future . pypl
intel could see a boost from holiday pc sales , which it can use as it waits for new purley server platform . intc
microsoft will likely highlight its growing cloud business as azure continues to fight amazon 's aws offering . msft
this will be first alphabet earnings to include sales of pixel , which could help offset slowing ad growth . goog
heading into earnings today , google is up : 1-month +6 % 6-month +13 % 1-year +16 % 5-year +191 % googl :
vix vxx using volatility to turn profits for 10-straight years with options
spx spy the remarkable reality of trading options in the s & amp ; p 500
wow : starbucks card represents 40 % of us transactions . mobile payment 27 % of transactions . sbux
paypal reports q4 adj ep 0.42 in-line , revenue 2.981b vs 2.98b est pypl
bank stocks ripping higher as deregulation goes from backburner to front ms +5 % jpm +4 % gs +2 %
starbucks comps 3 % us and globally ; up 6 % in china . us transactions down 2 % . sbux
more earnings ! starbucks meets on eps . but looking like a tall-sized miss on sales . sbux down more than 2 % after hours .
casual news drop right before goog earnings , courtesy of fb : facebook is giving longer videos a bump in news feed
live : alphabet googl paid clicks surge 36.0 %
here comes the flood ( favorite peter gabriel song ) of earnings ! intel beat on earnings and sales but intc down 1 % after hours so far .
starbucks reports record holiday and record q1 fy17 results sbux
president trump backs 20 % import tax to pay for border wall , aide says gm wmt aapl ba
starbucks reports q1 eps 0.52 in-line , sales 5.73b vs 5.85b est sbux
breaking : alphabet googl q4 revenue ex-tac , 21.22b vs. 20.58b expected
breaking : starbucks sbux q1 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) 0.52 inline with expectations
earnings : intel q4 eps 0.79 adj . vs. 0.74 est . ; q4 revs . 16.37b vs. 15.75b est . intc
breaking : intel corp. intc q4 revenue , 16.37b vs. 15.75b expected
breaking : intel corp. intc q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) beats estimates , 0.79 vs. 0.75 expected
the market is closed now so read this and think about your future it all starts and ends with you fb twtr
warren buffett had a very good day chtr vz ibm
alphabet generated 26bn in the quarter ( wall st wanted at least 21bn ) and yet goog is tanking !
microsoft reports q2 adj . eps 0.83 vs 0.79 est. , microsoft reports q2 adj revenue 26.1b , may compare better to 25.28b est . msft
cue the mister softee ice cream truck song . microsoft beat on earnings and sales . msft flat after hours .
rt @cnbc : earnings : microsoft q2 eps 0.83 adj . vs. 0.79 est . ; q2 revs . 26.07b vs. 25.30b est . msft
data center and internet of things chips drive intel q4 revenues to 16.4 billion intc via @venturebeat
rt @starbucksnews : starbucks reports record holiday and record q1 fy17 results sbux
intc reports inline with the estimize eps consensus and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 539.59m -
rt @lamonicabuzz : googl finished year with 86.3b in cash . full earnings release here .
overall q4 revenues were up 22 % from the prior year , and 16 % from the third quarter . @nolter googl
intel intc q4 earnings , eps 79c vs 75c . revenue 16.4b vs 15.8b . trendingshares trading shares
intel s 16.4 bln q4 revenue beat analysts avg of 15.75 bln ( all in pcs ) . adjusted eps of 79 cents beat analysts avg 75 cents intc +0.2 %
alphabet goog q4 earnings , eps 9.36 vs 9.62 . revenue 21.2b vs 20.6b . trendingshares trading shares
alphabet 's results are out . revenue of 26.1b ( 21.2b excluding tac ) and non-gaap eps of 9.36 . @ericjhonsa googl
googl 820 is support . then 800ish
alphabet soup . google missed on earnings but sales topped forecasts . really solid growth in paid clicks . 36 % but googl down 1 % after hours .
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : intel q4 eps 0.79 adj . vs. 0.74 est . ; q4 revs . 16.37b vs. 15.75b est . intc
goog is so prompt i love it
keep it up intc , you 're almost there : intel could break 16-year resistance after earnings intc
microsoft blows past estimates in every category , beats street msft
after hours earnings movers : googl msft sbux intc pypl
rt @estimize : this afternoon 's winner for msft is @jhamel who beats 322 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
this afternoon 's winner for msft is @jhamel who beats 322 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
msft beats the estimize eps consensus by 2c and the estimize revenue consensus by 686.74m -
this afternoon 's winner for sbux is analyst_1381828 who beats 196 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
nice growth in cloud biz for microsoft . and it continues to mint money . like aapl and googl . msft finished quarter with 122.8b in cash .
nice quarter for the `` tel '' in wintel . well , i guess intel is also the intel in wintel . anyhoo , intc up 2 % after hours on eps & amp ; sales beat .
alphabet 's stockpile of cash and equivalents grew to 86.333 billion . @nolter googl
rt @lizrhoffman : bank stocks ripping higher as deregulation goes from backburner to front ms +5 % jpm +4 % gs +2 %
the msft 14b commercial cloud run rate is only up 1b from seq prec quarter (
this afternoon 's winner for pypl is cantor_3 who beats 149 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
msft highlights : ccloud 14b run rate o365 consumer to 24.9m co365 +47 % rev yoy azure rev +93 % yoy 1.3b surface rev +10 % search rev
microsoft shares are up 1 % on another slow & amp ; steady pivot from software msft
rt @cnbcclosingbell : tomorrow : @starbucks ceo howard schultz joins @squawkstreet in an exclusive interview . do n't miss ! sbux
starbucks earnings day sbux 
googl 's @sundarpichai says ai assistant `` off to a great start '' & amp ; will continue to be machine learning centerpiece .
the s & amp ; p 500 is up 6 % since volatility started falling in september . spy
microsoft just traded as high as 65/share after earnings . a new all-time high . it 's already up 4 % this year : msft
microsoft beats q2 estimates msft
rt @alex : for goog , other bets covered 11.0 % of its op costs ( rev+op losses ) in the year-ago q , that improved to 19.4 % in mrq .
jokes aside , goog did a good job shoring up other bets rev ( + ) and its losses ( - ) , which helps with margisn .
still long qcom closed above 53.77 after dipping below during the day . good day for uri and phm
johnson : mobile order & amp ; pay had a banner quarter , representing more than 7 % of total u.s. transactions . sbux
i love stocks . you know non-investors hear sbux just chalked up 5.7b in sales & amp ; think `` dayum ! '' then they see the
. @starbucks will be expanding its teavana assortment , according to the company s q1 fy17 call . sbux
schultz : the starbucks brand and business have never been stronger or more universally relevant and accepted as today . sbux
schultz : no brick and mortar retailer is better positioned to navigate and profit from the ongoing consumer shifts underway . sbux
on core ad biz , googl 's pichai says `` most publishers getting higher click-thru rates , . ''
alphabet will no longer exclude stock-based compensation for google employees from earnings . hooray ! goog googl
schultz : starbucks is expanding our base of loyal customers more effectively and reliably than ever before . sbux
upcoming big 5 earnings : aapl jan 31 fb feb 1 amzn feb 2
rt @financialreview : . @elonmusk 's surprise rapport with @realdonaldtrump sparks 40 % @teslamotors rally . tesla tsla cars
rt @starbucksnews : maw : credit for our success in q1 belongs to starbucks partners around the world who proudly wear the green apron . sbux
maw : credit for our success in q1 belongs to starbucks partners around the world who proudly wear the green apron . sbux
intel ceo saw strong holiday pc sales and data center growth in q4 intc via @venturebeat
today 's most active options msft fb aapl vz
rt @cnbcfastmoney : poll : googl falling after hours , while msft is slightly higher . so would you rather ? alphabet vs. microsoft
bac has had a monster move and needs to consolidate more
alphabet had big quarter , and the seeds seem to be there for growth beyond google advertising revenue goog googl
maw : channel development gained share in all key u.s. categories in at-home and ready-to-drink . sbux
maw : emea delivered among the strongest operating margins in its history in q1 , 16.8 % . sbux
maw : starbucks digital flywheel continues to gain momentum and drive our business . sbux
poll : googl falling after hours , while msft is slightly higher . so would you rather ? alphabet vs. microsoft
rt @barronstechblog : microsoft rising : better pcs help lift fyq2 sales - tech trader daily - barron 's msft
msft good and up . goog good and down . intc good and up . tech earnings looking good .
johnson : china/asia pacific was once again starbucks fastest-growing segment with revenues up 18 % and comp sales up 5 % . sbux
this gets me studying harder : i hope it does for you too as the world is so beautiful it 's crazy fb twtr
. @starbucks egg bites are super popular + the company will be introducing a gluten-free sammy soon : kevin johnson , president and coo sbux
food now 20 % of starbucks sales . company thinks lunch business could be opportunity - testing lunch concept in chicago this summer . sbux
benzinga 's option alert recap from january 26 aapl ally ari wen mbi yum shld mpel rh esrx kate himx mgm
starbucks says its biggest delivery opportunity is in china where costs low enough customers willing to pay . sbux
luv shares soar 9 % after @southwestair reports stronger demand for travel , improving revenue per mile .
starbucks opened 2,163 net stores over the past 12 months ; as many as chipotle has open today in total . sbux
2017 could be transformative for integra gold : icg.tsxv icgqf @integragoldcorp gold
rt @starbucksnews : johnson : mobile order & amp ; pay had a banner quarter , representing more than 7 % of total u.s. transactions . sbux
rt @ophirgottlieb : qqq quadrupling the nasdaq 100 in six months
rt @thestreet : alphabet 's stockpile of cash and equivalents grew to 86.333 billion . @nolter googl
microsoft , intel , alphabet results buoyed by cloud boom - googl msft intc
google 's execution remains great , even if pricing and spending issues have markets nervous - googl
chinese new year is here ! some stocks to look forward to : baba ptr shi ctrp start w/ ibd digital to make money !
rt @ophirgottlieb : vix vxx using volatility to turn profits for 10-straight years with options
wall street 's warming up to @costco stock in 2017 cost
. @sundarpichai said it 's `` very early days '' for voice search but he sees `` more opportunity than challenge '' with the tech goog
just listening back to @sundarpichai on the alphabet earnings call , interesting lines on voice search and google assistant goog
google 's earnings report revealed some surprising pressures googl
googl option dealers who sell premium , win today . after hours low was 620 . it spent most the time above 835- 840 . could use some time
aal shares up 2 % pre-market after the airline shows first 4q increase ( up 1.3 % ) in revenue per seat mile since 2014
rt @lebeaucarnews : earnings alert : aal matches 4q estimates earning 0.92/share
fake news alert : aapl machine hard at work building hype ahead of results next week . now we 're supposed to buy because the 11 is awesome .
ebay earnings beat , retail trends suggest more growth ahead
rt @silviaascarelli : and it also did way better than the russell 2000. , spx rut
rt @foxbusiness : american airlines ' 4q earnings beat expectations aal earnings
watch these 10 huge call purchases in friday trade aapl bcrx fred gpre rh himx siri syy wen mpel
american airlines ' 4q earnings beat expectations aal earnings
and it also did way better than the russell 2000. , spx rut
googl - db pt to 1,100 -we come away from 4q results upbeat on solid 2-year growth trends in googl sites rev ex-fx . via @thenotablecalls
googl - morgan stanley raises their pt to 1000 - 'these results were very strong , ' brian nowak comments via @thenotablecalls
great work by unclesays who takes the win for aal beating 69 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
aal beats the estimize eps consensus by 55c and the estimize revenue consensus by 14.46m -
microsoft levels to watch after earnings msft amzn via @investopedia
and googl turns green . operating profit , operating profit , operating profit , operating profit , operating profit , o
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet . sbux tsla
great article on beauty leader and one of the best stocks i 've ever owned . ultra salons . ulta ulta shines ! beauty
. @businessinsider 's @therealjethro reports @jerryseinfeld 's deal with @netflix is worth 100 million . here 's the sc
the market in 5 minutes : google and microsoft and intel , oh my ! msft intc goog aal cat f cl jblu spy
sbux is down over 4 % in pre-market trading after reducing its 2017 revenue forecast .
msft is up almost 2 % in pre-market trading after beating revenue and eps estimates .
american airlines matches wall street forecast for 4q profit aal
make american airlines great again ? solid profits for american . aal up 1 % premarket .
googl : '' trade idea 3 : sell the january 27 expiry 800/900 strangle for a 4 credit . '' looks good to keep whole credit
intc : '' trade idea 3 : sell the january 27 expiry 36.5/38.5 strangle for a 0.50 credit . '' looks good early to keep whole credit , watch 38.5
paid clicks on google 's own sites rose an eye-popping 43 % thanks to mobile search : googl
mobile and youtube drive alphabet 's 4q growth - googl great quarter , very bullish
starbucks ceo : not too concerned about the last quarter , we will solve mobile-related issues - sbux very bullish
microsoft will pour more than 1 billion annually into cybersecurity msft
mobile and youtube drive alphabet 's 4q growth goog googl
rt @e_russell : `` we re excited to get this refiled with the dot , '' says aal 's nocella on aa-qf joint venture . they are refiling .
lam was so good last night -- lrcx and here it goes because of cap ex boosts -- including intc -- all good for lam ! !
consumer : `` we are a destination , '' starbucks is not affected by lower mall traffic , says howard schultz , outgoing ceo sbux
here 's one we got right . added msft to the buy list in 2013. interesting how the big home runs take about 3-4 years
stocks to watch : msft eyes new 52-week high , sbux slides , googl profit disappoints
pieces to the microsoft puzzle begin to fall into place as profitability improves msft
current top stocks on cxe : atln , tsco , isp , novn , ubsg livedata batseurope
american said latin america passenger revenue per available seat mile rose 10.2 % , while domestic gained 0.3 %
rt @businessinsider : ebay is on the upswing ebay
ebay is on the upswing ebay
ebay is on the upswing ebay
ebay is on the upswing ebay by @biintelligence
msft been a beast .
`` very positive on the google story '' gene munster @loupventures pichai steers to ai googl
207 weeks until the next election . at this rate the spy will be 4 bazillion . | off to the races |
despite a bottom line miss in the fourth quarter , @jimcramer is happy with alphabet 's revenue figures :
rt @randyafrederick : is bullish sentiment getting a little too frothy ? vix is -0.05 with the spx -3.40 despite the vix hitting a new 30-m
line of the day : @rbc analyst on google '' one of the strongest , most consistent fundamental stories in tech . period .
nvda showing strength again .
intc virtual reality : chip maker is set to score with tom brady
intel upgraded at morgan stanley on a solid quarter , achievable guidance intc
goog pins high hopes on this `` other '' business
wedbush 's nick setyan on @starbucksnews sbux : confident in reiterated fy17 comp and eps guidance ; maintain outperform and 65 price target
fang stocks near record highs ; facebook , amazon earnings on tap - fb amzn
never ever count out copper ; when the sweepers start sniping fcx , watch out !
rt @smartstocktrend : a lot of those @eddyelfenbein cws stocks acting nicely ! msft bcr shw syk
thanks candice , the trades worked well & amp ; i appreciate you remembering fb @candicemcoy
wedbush 's moshe katri on @paypal pypl : in-line q4/cy16 results/metrics + cy17 guidance , maintain outperform and 54 price target
fb has had an incredible pre earnings run ; next wednesday 's er should be epic , one way or the other
rt @thechartress : here 's my fave chartoftheweek - vix vs spx lt , wow ! yours ? wld love to rt
far from the most ridiculous gap we 've seen today , but damn did msft reward those early buyers . just keeps on truc
aal posts unit-revenue growth as airlines push average fares higher . @americanair
greenhill extends m & amp ; a run with 3.7bn tesco win via @financialnews bok tsco
breaking open the deck with msft ! a 10 .
time for antitrust regulators to target microsoft again ? kidding ! but msft on fire . up 2 % after earnings . all-time high . market cap : 510b .
stifel says facebook well positioned into q4 ; what to watch on the call ? fb
rt @defotis : will chinesenewyear roosteryear boost macau casino earnings ? wynn mpel lvs vegas china @barron
. @jimcramer is playing poker with some of the biggest media companies thanks to zelnick media . which names made his
microsoft successfully pivots to cloud , becomes one of the largest and fastest platforms msft
trump 's border tax would send prices sky-high , but tsla would love it via @barrons
key takeaways and positives from paypal 's q4 report pypl
rt @charliebilello : returns , last 10 years ... amzn : +2147 % wmt : +73 % tgt : +29 % bby : +11 % bbby : -2 % m : -10 % kss : -32 % spls : -54 % jc
did you miss google or microsoft earnings ? we have an easy way to catch you up msft googl
tsla motors : why a border tax would be great news via @barrons
investors applauded microsoft s december-quarter results and pushed the stock modestly higher . msft
the other dow etf is winning , too dia djd ba cat cvx
microsoft says its attack on apple 's mac business is working msft aapl
do n't short the shat ! pcln up 1 % . near 1,600 . all-time high . amazing given how low it was after dot-com bust . needed reverse split !
7 tips to making 7,000 in 1 day as several of my students have learned fb twtr
microsoft and google keep fog around cloud growth tech goog
so much for airbnb killing the hotel business ? marriott is booming . mar hit an all-time high today , up 42 % over the past year .
live : what this week 's big tech earnings mean - googl intc msft
nflx goes out well . rel . strength today . i also bought some of the amzn calls for earnings next week into weakness . i will add if lower
rt @kerrymflynn : casual news drop right before goog earnings , courtesy of fb : facebook is giving longer videos a bump in news feed
starbucks ceo schultz plans to hire 10,000 refugees after trump ban . sbux
stocks to watch today : dal , fit , tm , tpx
spx island top ? ? or break out retest ? levels and thoughts as we enter today
i wish they had good coffee - i 'd support this . sbux will hire 10,000 refugees in response to trump 's travel ban
watch these 8 huge call purchases in monday trade ally chkp cvs fred hznp ddd stz mxim
two strategists discuss stocks that could be your best buys ahead of earnings this week . fb amzn
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet fit googl
iwm 50day is 134.75 . that 's worth a look today for a scoop long of it holds it .
cramer 's mad dash csx rally
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet aapl
apple 's earnings are out tomorrow and we look at the chance to benefit from a potential move in price action
downside pre-mkt : tpx , rad , fit , viav , ung , arry , cnhi , ts , db , bcs , fcau powered by
believing in the buyback etf aapl ba pkw
tesla . saving the world from climate change . thanks @elonmusk tsla tesla s battery revolution ! energy
@hedgeye as inflation heats up along with us growth , we like financials xlf & amp ; oil & amp ; gas exploration and production xop .
5 must-know facts from american airlines ' earnings call aal via @thestreet
with more than 443 million active buyers , alibaba 's marketplaces attract sellers who want a big audience :
why southwest is likely to be one of the only airlines to see its earnings liftoff in 2017 luv
here are 9 traits of successful people see what 's working best for people fb twtr
rt @ophirgottlieb : aapl one-time , and one-time only , directly from cml pro : earnings alert : the astonishing truth behind apple
wedbush s james dix discussed competition between cloud providers on @cnbc cloudcomputing amzn msft googl ibm
fb the option strategy in facebook that has been a consistently big winner
rt @thegreggamba : still love the twtr succeeds because fb fails theory ... .
facebook aims to be more essential with password recovery tool fb
. @jimcramer still likes apple , but he says you should wait until after its earnings to buy it :
true . but this `` island top '' type of pattern in spx nasd and indu . could be the technical start . good to take not
ea stock has gained almost 30 % over the past 12 months , trading at about 83.39 in the early afternoon : ea
this analyst is positive on american airlines , despite investors bearish take aal
rt @cnntech : . @starbucks unveils a chatbot app for ordering sbux
spx update- question is ? what 's your time frame ? how active are you ?
forget the patriots and the falcons ; put your money on super bowl stocks : nke gm
starbucks to hire 10,000 refugees after immigration ban sbux
vix vxx the option strategy that was won for 10 straight years
netflix : netneutrality changes under trump wo n't affect our company - business insider nflx
. @starbucks adds voice ordering capabilities to ios , amazon 's alexa . latest move for sbux to go digital
2016 footwear industry recap : retro classics grew 26 % on the year addyy nke pum uaa
qqq 105 % of adv . iwm 111 % spy just 71 %
why you need to factor market valuations into your retirement plan : @lanceroberts spy qqq
hilarious , boycottstarbucks is trending and it 's actually amazing/free marketing for starbucks . good job twitter & amp ; well played sbux .
how did the dogs of the dow stocks perform in 2016 ? ba cvx cat pfe ko pg xom vz mrk csco wmt ibm
nike will get the most screen time thanks to its exclusive rights to provide the nfl 's uniforms : nke
5 stocks to watch before the market opens tomorrow xom uaa hog ma coh
rt @srussolillo : there is a huge and growing part of apple 's business that isn t getting enough attention aapl
there is a huge and growing part of apple 's business that isn t getting enough attention aapl
spx put a low in at 2268. held the 21day & amp ; trend that started from post election . next few days will b interesting
apple could still have monster upside aapl
the option market is implying a 4.9 % earnings related move in amzn ... @optionsaction
gold is one tweet away from new highs ag gdxj gld
rt @timothysykes : you must learn about pre-market and after-hours trading this is very important fb twtr
twitter inks another big sports live-streaming deal in its battle with facebook , snapchat twtr
rt @barronsnext : millennial fan-favorite venmo could become a big part of paypal 's future . pypl
life science leader dr. tony coles elected to regn board of directors
15 stocks you should be watching today aapl abc coh lly pkg ea sanm s xom pfe dhr ma rga ups x
well deserved comp for a great job . sbux how howard schultz earned more than half a billion in nine years
appears to be sizable hedger in vix market targeting 19-24 range . with vix around 12 , cheap insurance on spy
tesla gives the california power grid a battery boost - the new york times tsla infrastructure
good prep 4 aapl . i liked it from the rdr , 1/03 , 115.43 pivot . after this move i wo n't take into eps . i might tra
gold is the new equity in the trump rally gdx gld jnug
. @jimcramer -- 'cisco 's business is good ; that stock is a buy ' csco
interesting . this should be good . netflix nflx
the most accurate xom estimate is from analyst_6873285 , beating 128 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
xom beats the estimize eps consensus by 16c and misses the estimize revenue consensus by 1.94b -
watch these 8 huge call purchases in tuesday trade axdx crm hain wft wmgi yelp rh
rt @wallstjesus : monday 's top sweepers , wiseguy activity & amp ; sentiment & gt ; & gt ; spy qqq sbux aa dis stx mcd
the csx-hunter harrison story , pondering the upside potential csx cp
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet aapl ua
rt @zortrades : frank zorrilla : taking a look at breadth spy
apple 's services business generated 6.3 billion in sales in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2016 :
walmart to offer free 2-day shipping with no subscription fee . will amazon finally see some competition ? wmt
the iphone totaled 63 % of apple 's 2016 fiscal revenue , but do n't forget the mac and apple watch come december : aapl
better fdx support at 187 than 188 .
why ibm stock gained 20 % in 2016 @themotleyfool stocks ibm
rt @foxjust : big metro area wins , small metro loses yet again as cat moves hq from peoria to chicago
i 'll be on @cnbcclosingbell today taking about the future of apple on earnings at 1:20 pst . aapl . facebook and amazon up today too . fb
big metro area wins , small metro loses yet again as cat moves hq from peoria to chicago
190 - 92 already new fdx resist
exxon mobil paid an effective tax rate of 13 % last year , per earnings call xom
my quarterly aapl iphone unit sales chart . holiday season y/y growth would buck the recent trend . earnings
microsoft sells 17 billion in second bond deal in six months - bloomberg msft
cheap oil keeping the heat on exxonmobil as profits drop 40 % . but revenue up for 1st time since mid-2014 : xom
can facebook deliver another record set of numbers ? fb
rt @bvz_investools : spx highs double to 99 . xlb is the new king . trumpwall ? xlf not 1 for 1st time in 3 months . msft dow 52weekhigh
apple will report their first numbers on how a slew of new products have been selling including the new macbook pro and iphone 7 aapl
tsla just a monster , all time frames
apple fyq4 on tap : bmo sees big beat on fyq1 , q2 outlook via @yahoofinance - aapl
microsoft may be gaining traction against salesforce in the cloud space crm msft
ibm board approves regular quarterly cash dividend
auto parts retail : amazon vs. brick & amp ; mortars aap amzn azo orly
facebook 's video efforts could steal the show on earnings call fb
apple 's gon na report earnings tonight . get up to speed courtesy 's of @sharatibken 's preview aapl
how crazy is the final yolo ? here 's the probability this epic short nets a profit : aapl
analyst : apple 's streak of declining iphone sales in consecutive quarters has ended aapl
rt @npetallides : the djia is falling again today . is there light at the end of the tunnel ? @happeningnow with @heatherchilders and @jonsc
rt @neiltwitz : some context before the to be strong apple earnings call aapl . apple-samsung premium share gap the widest & gt ; 50 %
rt @jsnell : we re covering aapl results at @bleedsixcolors and @sixcolorsevent later today . guidance predicted it will be apple s biggest
venmo 's monetization will be worth watching pypl
venmo 's monetization will be worth watching pypl
venmo 's monetization will be worth watching pypl by @biintelligence
what to watch for in apple earnings after the bell : iphone 7 could break streak of shrinking sales
who knew you could short a u2 concert ticket like it was a share of aapl via @nathanchubbard
las vegas strip finishes off solid 2016 with 1.3 % december revenue gain byd lvs mgm rrr wynn
twtr up 2.5 % today and 6.5 % ytd . optimism about earnings ( due out next week ) in the trump world we live in ?
taking stock of tesla shares after recent rally tsla
rt @barronstechblog : amazon shares could correct on margin disappointment , say piper , mizuho - tech trader daily - barron s amzn
exxon says it can reach a multi-decade production plateau from its new permian assets at 350,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day xom
interesting to see the @jack complex of sq and twtr both up ...
electronic arts reports results after the close . ea down today but up 6 % ytd & amp ; near 52-week high . competitors atvi ttwo up this year too .
wal-mart hopes to gain the upper hand against amazon with new shipping policy amzn wmt
rt @hedgeye : *live q & amp ; a today @2:30pm* @hedgeyehwp & amp ; @hedgeyefood discuss usfd wfm cost & amp ; what to watch in consumer staples .
rt @optionsaction : these 3 stocks could account for a 60 billion market cap swing this week aapl fb amzn
rt @stocktwits : here 's how apple has performed heading into earnings today 1-month +4.3 % 6-month +15.7 % 1-year +24 % aapl :
here 's how apple has performed heading into earnings today 1-month +4.3 % 6-month +15.7 % 1-year +24 % aapl :
**live q & amp ; a now** @hedgeyehwp is taking questions about consumer staples & amp ; talking best ideas like usfd wfm cost
breaking : tesla tsla to change name to the `` people 's car '' .
remote too far away ? fear not , netflix 's hackathon developed mind controls nflx
are we sure tim cook is a good ceo ? aapl discussed
apple slides ahead of earnings aapl
rt @crystalxlau : dow level to watch : 19,762.60 as long as djia stays above that , it will be positive for the month of january .
dow level to watch : 19,762.60 as long as djia stays above that , it will be positive for the month of january .
aapl earnings alert : the astonishing truth behind apple my take via @cnnmoney @yahoofinance
here 's how to find the best stocks every day study up fb twtr peeps !
today @1:20 pm pst : curious about @apple ? what products will they be launching this year ? check out @cnbcclosingbell for my thoughts ! aapl
aapl one way to trade options in apple earnings is crazy risky -- but maybe ...
it 's apple earnings day , so hope you 're ready for steady stream of tweets saying things like `` cook says holiday sales were 'great ' ! '' aapl
2 different types of rdr buy strategies today . the spy at 226.41 and the ibb at 268.65 . it 's a useful tool to enter with calculated risk
ahead of apple earnings , it 's still an iphone world . aapl
the tech sector has established itself as the clearest corporate opponent to trump 's immigration ban : ban .
@salvatore_jonah @appleinsider analysts are generally pretty positive on aapl ( most rate the company overweight/buy ) . investors , otoh ...
apple 's main focus today will be on the iphone 7 and 7 plus , @mobilenations ' @simonsage says , and less on other pro
rt @marketwatch : less than an hour to go before we find out if one trader 's all-or-nothing bet against aapl pays off thefinalyolo
we 're now live with @mobilenations ' @simonsage , talking about aapl ahead of earnings . cheddarlive
live-blogging apple 's fiscal first-quarter earnings and call with analysts . follow along . aapl
apple reporting after the closing bell . aapl
we have the intrepid @msabalakrishnan doing apple aapl earnings around 4.30pm et today . tune in here :
way down the list of important questions : will this dude 's huge bet that aapl will plunge after earnings pay off ?
. @thestreet is live for apple s earnings call . get the latest as it happens : aapl
as for aapl put piece , it 's not mine and i 'm not endorsing , and not saying it 's true . just rt something for your measured consideration .
rt @alex : anyhoo , am watching the @kifleswing aapl blog
trump take note : amazon keeps creating jobs . this time it 's 2k positions at its new air cargo hub in kentucky . amzn
apple earnings expected to rebound thanks to iphone 7 : @marketwatch is live blogging it . | aapl
electronic arts reports q3 eps 0.00 , rev . 1.149b ; sees fy17 sales ~ 4.8b vs 4.94b est. , eps 2.91 ea
infographic : how gs volunteers & amp ; @thechallenge_uk are inspiring the next generation :
still to come : earnings from aapl ea x arnc
goldman : global stocks win despite u.s. dollar fears spy asia europe @barronsonline
i think apple beats earnings . aapl samsung had no phone over xmas . we shall see .
rt @wsjd : live-blogging apple 's fiscal first-quarter earnings and call with analysts . follow along . aapl
@alex first stock i ever followed . i think i 've been reading aapl earnings for almost 25 years .
apple coming up next on @cnbcclosingbell here comes earnings . aapl
ea earns 0 per share . good rev and growth numbers . unchanged after hours . 60 % digital sales .
getting ready for apples earnings report . tune in to @cnbcclosingbell to catch my thoughts on the phone giant . aapl should be soon .
goog adds security perks to high-end g suite
apple earnings & amp ; sales beat . aapl up 3 % after hours . and apple has 246.1 billion in cash . good l-rd ! brother , can you spare an idime ? bye .
apple earnings : demand for iphone helped deliver record revenue , ending 3 qtrs of declines . margins under pressure
apple snaps a three-quarter decline in iphone sales with fyq1 . its 78.3m iphones sold beat last year 's 74.7m units . aapl
battlefield 1 helps ea beat quarterly earnings targets ea via @venturebeat
still all about the iphone ? aapl up 3 % after hours after shipping more phones than expected in q1 2017
rt @crosshairtrader : now this is the stuff that matters from my friend @adamhgrimes via @seeitmarket study spy
apple sets a new record for iphone shipments : 78.3 million - aapl
rt @vettechtrader : good aapl q1 print , weak q2 guide- almost exactly as exp'd- guessing pop/ fade- we 'll see ...
apple reported a record 78.4 billion in revenue . aapl up 2.6 %
cook calls it a `` dynamite quarter '' aapl
apple shares up a whopping 3 % so far on better than expected results . aapl
apple sold 78.3m iphones , 13.1m ipads , 5.4m macs in fyq1 . net income fell to 17.9b from 18.4b a yr ago , but sales up to 78.4b . aapl
rt @scottbudman : breaking : apple earnings ahead of estimates ; 78 million iphone sales . stock up after hours . aapl
breaking : apple earnings ahead of estimates ; 78 million iphone sales . stock up after hours . aapl
apple aapl after hours share price - +1.9 % tech ausbiz
rt @alex : aapl instantly up 2 % , so much for the yolo kid .
apple beats , stock 's up aapl
aapl instantly up 2 % , so much for the yolo kid .
apple reports q1 eps 3.36 vs 3.22 est. , sales 78.4b vs 77.38b est . aapl
aapl chopping around after earnings , now up 2 %
rt @david_darst : is tsla poised for a breakout ?
today 's free recap that also helps up the trading day tomorrow . ibb spy aapl baba amzn
rt @brian_solomon : highest iphone average selling price ever during the holidays aapl
rt @firstadopter : ea pr : `` battlefield 1.. biggest battlefield launch ever .. player base more than 50 % larger ( vs. ) battlefield 4 .. compa
rt @firstadopter : ea pr : `` fifa 17 was the best-selling console title in the world in 2016 . ''
rt @igtv : with china 's pmi growing faster , aapl results and the rise of copper prices , there 's a turn around in sentiment
aapl first-quarter earnings were above expectations . live prices here : losses can exceed d
apple supplier dialog jumps 6 % in frankfurt after aapl earnings
fb 's latest quarterly revenue was 7.011bn , not 6.8bn
spy did a rdr around the 226.41 pivot ( giving a nice long entry ) and is now looking to test 228.20 pivot resistance to enter monday 's gap
spx futures up 5 after holding the accelerated trend 2268ish that started post election . now see how it handles 2286 pivot resistance
the iphone juggernaut , at a glance aapl
glad you are in aapl !
long liquidation looks bullish for gold gld
dollar index up for the count after negative x-mkt pressure eased o/n with help from aapl upside surprise . real
what to watch : - @apple shines - fed in focus - @facebook earnings aapl fb
watch live : bullishness recovers after aapl earnings . @chrisb_ig charts indices , forex and commodities on
rt @vicrek : aapl s earnings beat is sparking a flurry of price-target hikes 135 , 140 , do i hear 150 ?
rt @igsquawk : apple holding on to its 3 % gain in the pre-market , after strong results posted last night aapl ro
apple holding on to its 3 % gain in the pre-market , after strong results posted last night aapl ro
morning money - aapl earnings , ism , fed and a fun financial fact .
where things stand before north american markets open . aapl up in premarket
apple price levels to watch after earnings aapl via @investopedia
at 7.2 billion apple 's services business on par with a fortune 100 company . good insights by @loupventures aapl
12 must watch stocks for february 1 , 2017 aapl all amd bby fb anm jci ea mo mpc met x
solid iphone results for apple - morningstar stock view aapl
73.6 billion . so yes , aapl balance sheet not as pristine as it used to be . but debt load actually was lower than
get ready for wednesday : apple shines , fed takes the stage & amp ; here comes @facebook : aapl fb via @alannapetroff
rt @hsilverb : 1-year bottom-up target price for spx reaches 2503 ( 9.85 % + dividends from here ) , pushed by goog/l , aapl , jnj ; fb and ge
fedex , freeport-mcmoran , pfizer : @cnbcfastmoney picks for february 1 fcx fdx ups pfe xlv
always love writing about aapl and its cash . 246.1b . fun fact . if apple 's cash was its own company , it would be 13th biggest in s & amp ; p 500 .
csco could thrive from recent acquisition , trump tax plan
apple aapl up 6 pre-open on better than expected iphone sales , set to open at 15-month high , dragging up dia and spy futures .
22 stocks moving in wednesday 's pre-market aapl arwr ctxs oks vcel sdrl twlo drys tup sgyp pbi mtch box
apple 's losing streak is finally over -- and shareholders are rejoicing : aapl via @sfiegerman
which way will gold run ? - dragonfly capital gc_f gld
ea will continue to guide low and beat through 2018 ea
rt @lamonicabuzz : trump immigration crackdown selloff over ? futures higher , led by nasdaq/tech . aapl up 4 % on earnings . fb up 1 % . reports
make normalization great again stocks spx
pleased to announce the close and welcome our new colleagues to agn . successfully completes lifecell acquisition
trade the twitter breakout using these charts twtr
24 apple broker notes out yesterday of which only 5 hold ratings street bullish on aapl highest pt drexel 185 lowest pt deutsche 115
rt @lamonicabuzz : always love writing about aapl and its cash . 246.1b . fun fact . if apple 's cash was its own company , it would be 13th bi
munster : 'the next 6 months are gon na be a great time to own apple shares in anticipation of iphone 10 launch ' aapl
rt @cnnmoneyinvest : apple 's losing streak is finally over -- and shareholders are rejoicing : aapl via @sfiegerman
rt @ryan_knutson : apple earned more in 3 mos . ( 78.4b ) than cuba 's 2015 gdp . aapl
iphone 7 rings up profits , and tupperware 's fresh results please investors - today 's stocks to watch : aapl tup
apple iphone sales : the road to a record quarter aapl
26 % - apple 's effective tax rate cook `` optimistic '' on taxreform this year aapl @squawkstreet analysis
rt @biorunup : mnkd mannkind announces launch of new titration pack and field force expansion to accelerate afrezza growth
what 's good for aapl is good for ... .. aapl yesterday 's close = & gt ; higher open . spx ndx biotech *should* continue higher today . ibb xbi
in earnings news , shares of aapl jumped more than 3 % after the company easily beat first-quarter earnings expectations .
rt @labboudles : is this marketing executive the oracle that madison avenue and silicon valley need ? fb goog via @
dow up 85 points right now . 41 of those points coming from apple alone djia aapl
stocks shake off their slump at the opening bell . apple leads the dow higher after posting strong earnings last ni
aapl stock opens up & gt ; 5 % after company reports record revenue , beats analyst expectations
. @loupventures ' gene munster says apple 's original video content service will leverage its connections with musicia
we can save the planet with positive economics of solar . saudi arabia plans the world s cheapest power- solar tsla
iphone sales bolster apple 's revenue , shares rise earnings aapl
adp signals jobs growth at the start of trump era spy xlf gld bac jpm
aapl each day apple makes me money .
these 20 tweets will inspire you and if you 're gon na study hard you need huge inspiration fb twtr
breaking : u.s. manufacturing accelerates to 2-year high as 'america first ' trump takes office
apple is innovating towards an augmented reality future aapl
some quick tells post fomc here . let 's see if it follows through . spy hyg gdx
in other news , aapl ( which continues to signal bullish in our daily risk range product ) is mauling the bears , +7 %
this is what would cause amazon to easily explode another 15 % amzn
read why abhey lamba , our tech analyst , is encouraged by aapl 's iphone growth .
apple is suddenly on fire again . high hopes for rumored iphone 8 fuel 6 % surge to 18-month highs : aapl
shares of apple are heating up after the tech giant reported solid results for the december period . aapl
automakers shift lanes as disruptive technologies take over f gm tsla mbly fcau tm goog aapl
icymi : google adds security perks to high-end g suite goog msft
apple 's innovation pipeline is n't dead aapl
btw , aapl now up 12 % this year , making it the top performer in the dow . next biggest gainer ? dis . up 7 % ytd .
aapl now up 7 % after earnings . 130 . magic number to watch ? 134.54 . that 's the all-time high it set in april 2015. just 3 % below it .
rt @erikholmwsj : apple singlehandedly moved the needle for the entire s & amp ; p earnings season last night aapl
apple singlehandedly moved the needle for the entire s & amp ; p earnings season last night aapl
rt @thedaytradr : spx one chart you need to know = & gt ; stock market capitalization as % of gdp at 2nd highest level in 90 years @thebubblebubb
do you have this key trait needed to become a millionaire ? if not , go get it , it 's important fb twtr
2 key stock market indicators that you should know study this fb twtr peeps !
us senate has confirmed rex tillerson as secretary of state ; voting continues spy xom
just like googl- big after hours level was 861 - aapl was 122.50 . the big level for fb is 133.50 for after hou
wow . apple up 9 now . getting closer to our 135 target . great day in tech . aapl my thoughts from @cnbcclosingbell
aapl both apple services and mac sales , individually , generated more revenue than all of facebook last quarter .
watch : 4 steps gs & amp ; @ifc_org are taking to help women gain access to capital globally :
facebook earnings after bell . can it wow like apple ? also , so much for trump being bad for tech ? check aapl fb amzn nflx & amp ; nasdaq ytd !
options traders price up facebook insurance after 13 % rally fb
super bowl hype and the marriage of new and traditional advertising bud fb nyt twtr pep superbowl
time to take bets on when aapl tops 1 trillion market value ? now 683b . so has to go up another 45 % to 50 % . 2018 ? 2019 ? later ? if ever ?
apple surges on iphone sales ; stock indexes wobble aapl
when nflx recommends nicolas cage , the apocalypse ca n't be far behind .
rt @gerberkawasaki : wow . apple up 9 now . getting closer to our 135 target . great day in tech . aapl my thoughts from @cnbcclosingbell ht
rt @thedaytradr : spx 4 crisis , 4 charts recovery , this time the gap is big thanks to liquidity bubble @thebubblebubble @markarbeter @stock
facebook has all the makings of a 'retail darling ' fb cc @tdansherrod
djia up just 0.1 % with half an hour to the close , but aapl has surged 7 % after last night 's bumper earnings . fb reports after the bell .
facebook rallying into the close on hope for a big number . we think we probably will see a good number from fb earnings
earnings : facebook q4 eps 1.41 adj . vs. 1.31 est . ; q4 revs . 8.81b vs. 8.51b est . fb
broad earnings/revenue beat by facebook -- shares up fb
facebook reports q4 eps 1.41 vs 1.31 est. , sales 8.629b vs 8.51b est . fb
though facebook said last quarter growth could slow , @kesslercfra says it has implied this pullback several times b
fb call selling ahead of earnings today amc @peterlusk breaks it down
happy fb earnings day !
intel 's focus on memory will benefit these 5 semi equipment names amat asml intc lrcx klac nano
live : facebook earnings fb
fb earnings amc expecting 5.2 % move , dis back month calls @jonnajarian
december 2018. as for the wager , how about an ivaporizer ? apple did file for a patent for one after all . heh . aapl
rt @cnbcfastmoney : poll : facebook hitting a new all-time high , so are you buying or selling the earnings beat ? fb
ya 'll tell me . are these sweepers making out like bandits on fb earnings ? @wallstjesus
facebook crushes q4 estimates , daily active users up 18 % fb
poll : facebook hitting a new all-time high , so are you buying or selling the earnings beat ? fb
today s stocks winners : aapl , mrvl , arnc
fb rev growth far outpacing spending . q4 rev up 50 % y-y , op ex up 29 % y-y
rt @cnet : breaking : facebook impresses investors with sales , earnings beats . more to come . fb
well done guido_coenen beating 595 other analysts and the wall street consensus to take the win for fb -
fb beats the estimize eps consensus by 5c and the estimize revenue consensus by 301.77m -
rt @reutersbiz : more : facebook says average daily active users in december 2016 grew to 1.23 billion , up 18 percent year over year fb
@shiraovide it 's also up nearly the entire market cap of twtr on just a 3 % move after hours .
rt @jolingkent : 1.15 billion people are now using facebook on mobile devices every single day . fb
1.15 billion people are now using facebook on mobile devices every single day . fb
rt @usatodaytech : facebook shares are rallying 2 % after fourth-quarter results fb
rt @lamonicabuzz : facebook beats on earnings , revenue and users . boom ! fb up nearly 3 % after hours .
fb has lots of cash , has growing cash :
facebook shares are rallying 2 % after fourth-quarter results fb
facebook now has 1.86 billion monthly active users . earnings beat on top and bottom line . fb
breaking : facebook impresses investors with sales , earnings beats . more to come . fb
5 reasons apple is on a roll : aapl
fb has only missed quarterly earnings 1 time since ipo in 2012 .
rt @reuterstech : more : facebook says average daily active users in december 2016 grew to 1.23 billion , up 18 percent year over year fb
the most accurate tsco estimate is from analyst_4703716 , beating 26 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
tsco reports fq4 earnings of 94c eps and 1.92b revs -
congratulations to the team at fb @facebook on the amazing q4 . revenue : 8.8b net income : 3.6b cash & amp ; securities : 29.4b
ah the joys of being a fb shareholder .
fb makes almost 9 bil a qtr in rev now . wow . congrats zuck ! fb
rt @readdanwrite : fb : 1.86 billion users twtr : 315 million users baffles me . one is indispensable for global news , the other is mostly a
facebook revenue jumps 51 % , showing strength of mobile-advertising business fb
rt @jimcramer : live now ! @thestreet 's coverage of fb earnings , do n't miss !
apple came pretty close to matching its record intraday high today missed by 4 aapl
rt @srussolillo : more than one-fourth of the world 's population is on facebook . fb
rt @scottbudman : breaking : facebook earnings beat expectations ; stock spikes to all time high after hours . fb
fb 's current run is astounding . so many seq quarters of damn good numbers . next q : how much longer does the streak last ?
. @facebook now has 1.86 billion users fb
spy holding over 20 sma , 228/229.7 resistance then mm to 234 , support 226.5/225/224/221.75
fb pops on earnings , hits record high ! time to buy ? two analysts weigh in next !
amzn climbed over 1 % today after news of cargo airhub
rt @kchaykowski : facebook has stellar fourth quarter . revenue , earnings blow away estimates fb
facebook +2.33 % ; q4 2016 over expectations [ updated ] fb
facebook has stellar fourth quarter . revenue , earnings blow away estimates fb
rt @wsj : facebook revenue jumps 51 % , showing strength of mobile-advertising business fb
fb has 1.23 billion daily active users . that 's more than the population of us , brazil , japan and russia combined .
rt @cnbc : earnings : facebook q4 eps 1.41 adj . vs. 1.31 est . ; q4 revs . 8.81b vs. 8.51b est . fb
2 keys to satisfying amazon investor appetite amzn
rt @roberee : fb annual revenue 2016 - 27.6b ( +54 % growth rate ) 2015 - 17.9b ( +43 % ) 2014 - 12.5b ( +58 % ) 2013 - 7.9b ( +55 % ) 2012 - 5.1b
shares of facebook gaining 2.2 % in after-hours trading after closing on wednesday at 133.23 . @leonlazaroff fb
more money for fb after q4 earnings beat . stock jumps in after-hours trading .
amazon accounted for an astounding 53 % of all u.s. e-commerce sales growth in 2016 : amzn
rt @optionsaction : great call on fb from carter & amp ; @michael_khouw . more on facebook on @cnbcfastmoney
great call on fb from carter & amp ; @michael_khouw . more on facebook on @cnbcfastmoney
rt @dseetharaman : on china , zuckerberg says , `` we 're only going to do this in a way that we 're comfortable with over the long term . '' fb
rt @cnbcfastmoney : carter worth called the fb surge on friday . here 's where he sees it going next
rt @kerrymflynn : instagram v facebook ad load : instagram is growing quicker on a percentage basis but much smaller than fb in scale fb
instagram v facebook ad load : instagram is growing quicker on a percentage basis but much smaller than fb in scale fb
analyst asks about millennials . facebook cfo says they are pleased with overall user growth , but `` not breaking out specific cohorts fb
carter worth called the fb surge on friday . here 's where he sees it going next
rt @financialpost : aapl apple closes up 6 % day after q1 earnings iphone 8 in focus for apple inc investors
. @facebook 's latest earnings show why it 's so valuable . fb facebook shares
facebook says ranking change in instagram has helped engagement fb
rt @timothysykes : here 's how you can actually make millions in the stock market now go make it happen ! fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : this is how millionaires protect their ass ... ets this is good for you to know fb twtr
from sydney : australian foreign minister @juliebishopmp discusses global geopolitical outlook at gs global macro
why gold and energy can make gains this year gld gdx
facebook eases past wallstreet estimates , sees spending up in 2017 via @reutersindia fb
vxx - positive divergence - may be a buy today -
facebook 's good earnings ... and record of likes for @beyonce instagram post : 7.5 million fb
facebook 's earnings reveal a company that wants to be unstoppable fb
insane new facebook stats market cap : 390 billion instagram : 400 million daily active users whatsapp : over 1.2 billion monthly users fb
rt @lavery19651 : forget celldex therapeutics , inc. : these 2 stocks are better buys @themotleyfool stocks jnj , gsk , gern , agen
a look at facebook 's user growth in 2016 fb
bank of england maintains benchmark interest rate spy vgk
rt @jdawg1847 : @edvanderwalt @thestalwart big jump in gld holdings yesterday too
celg vet daniel takes a startup role at vividion , with 50m in hand for platform construction ( interview )
disney , google , ups , thermo fisher : @cnbcfastmoney picks for february 2 dis googl tmo ups
facebook fb shares are up 1.5 % following stellar earnings announcement
facebook 's competitive advantage in full display fb
not a coincidence that amzn is both taking massive online share ( still ! ) and outspending all other merchants combi
netflix leads the content crowd in streamer satisfaction amzn nflx
investors click `` like '' on facebook , while becton dickinson threads the needle - today 's stocks to watch : fb bdx
gdx gld players lookin like they 're getting paid this am . earnings still holding indices back . am broadcast -
yesterday 's high in fb was one penny below the all-time high from oct 25. they should break that at today 's open .
even with free shipping , walmart ca n't beat amazon , but that does n't mean the stock is n't a buy :
watch these 8 huge put purchases in thursday trade aapl coty ggp rad symc skx mygn invn
shares of amzn are generating buzz as the e-commerce giant prepares to report december-ending quarterly earnings
will musk/trump bromance boost tesla ? tsla dailydownload @barronsnext
tsco `` trade idea 4 : sell the february 70/80 strangle for a 1.25 credit . '' looks good to keep credit , wait or btc if cheap
fb `` trade idea 1 : buy the february 3 expiry 130/127-126 1 2 put spread for free '' a bust but cost nothing
join us live at 9:30a.m . est as we discuss trump , fb and groundhog day ! @valerieayoung @emilystewartm @anderskeitz
fb ( +0.8 % pre ) facebook ad revenue shoots up 53 % , sending shares climbing - cnbc
aapl apple to sell 2y , 3y , 5y , 7y , 10y , 30y notes via gs , db , jpm - have issued in past to pay dividends & amp ; buybacks bc cash overseas ( tax )
spy -friday update : 1st line defense 227 puts , then 225. under there can lead to swift delta hedging break . above
facebook is starting to hoard a ton of cash . they now have nearly 30 billion : fb
carter worth of cornerstone macro goes to the charts to break down the next move for fb :
shares : fb reported strong q4 profit , eps 1.41 vs 1.31 estimated . live prices : losses c
facebook users are the new apple cash . huge number , phenomenal accomplishment but the burden of proof is on them to
friends , i 'll be on @onpointradio around 10:40 am cst talking to @tomashbrooknpr about @mcdonalds . tune in . mcd
gold is great insurance as is gld
rt @fpinvesting : facebook inc impresses in q4 with 'ad revenue growth consistency ' fb
facebook inc impresses in q4 with 'ad revenue growth consistency ' fb
3 tech stocks paying better dividends than apple , via kiplinger aapl msft csco intc
great insight by @riskreversal last night on @cnbcclosingbell saying to fade the fb post earnings rally . i thought it would continue higher
. @teslamotors changed its name to ... tesla . what gives ? tsla
the s & amp ; p 500 went the entire month of january without going negative once on a year-to-date basis : spy voo
apple revenue growth up 3.3 % year-over-year , breaking the streak of 3 consecutive negative quarters . aapl
a big `` like '' for facebook earnings even as market digests fed statement aapl amzn fb spy vxx
amzn reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.08 eps and +92.52m revs compared to ws
are mobile payments finally gaining steam ? via @yahoofinance - aapl
how mobile ads have changed facebook 's top-line growth story fb
. @facebook hit all-time highs after beating on earnings , revenue fb
. @jimcramer says if you want chip stocks that are easy to follow , stick to nvidia and broadcom :
wedbush 's seth basham on tractor supply company tsco : 4q16 review : good quarter , improving outlook
rt @2morrowknight : facebook is becoming a news channel . 35 % of youth used it for that purpose in 2010. today , 47 % does so . fb media wc
facebook delivers sweet results , bitter expense outlook fb
apple 's best days are behind it , but i still like the stock , bill miller says aapl
chart of the day : analysts are seeing dollar signs fb
@wolfy_1 i i sold 20 % amzn calls . but still have the most capital in them vs any other option play .
fb earnings show best is yet to come : what wall street is saying
infographic : how the subprime auto loan bubble is driving the u.s. automobile sales boom :
the 17 best lessons to remember in 2017 take these to heart ! fb twtr
apple takes a breather after best one-day performance in years aapl
by the numbers : putting facebook 's staggering growth in perspective fb
shares of apple are up 10.7 % year to date , vs. a gain of only 1.8 % for the s & amp ; p 500 : aapl
accounting change boosts facebook s earnings fb grc
2 convincing reasons baird thinks you should stick with under armour nke uaa
more semis with the flow , mu . lots of eyes on this one . @wallstjesus
a tweak to how companies account for employee stock payments gave facebook earnings a near 1b boost fb fasb
amazon is expected to report a strong holiday quarter . results in after the bell amzn
tractor supply delivers what investors want ; a good quarter with an improving outlook tsco
buy american ? met with fund manager barry james today . said he bought iwm etf day after election . also likes u.s. small caps vg aan big .
ahead of amazon 's earnings , @christianmagoon says the company 's results will continue the recent strong tech sector
amazon earnings after the bell . amzn up 1 % . good earnings could push it to a new all-time high .
you think @facebook is huge ? check out this juicy madmath stat for apple @jimcramer broke down the stocks that w
you can make 1.3 million in 2 years , see how : sounds crazy but it can happen with hard work/study fb twtr
twtr that 's right @realdonaldtrump is making twitter great again maketwittergreatagain
morgan stanley expects instagram will generate 3.6bn of ad revenue for facebook this year fb
the bull vs. bear debate continues after tractor supply earnings top street tsco
option gains : facebook earnings jump almost 1 billion from accounting change , from @rapoportwsj : on @wsj fb
as bacon reserves hit 50-year low , expert says not to worry cost hrl khc wmt seb
breaking : amazon q4 eps 1.54 vs. 1.35 est . - watch amzn
wow tight predction parameter amzn amazon sees q1 operating income of 250-900 mln
earnings : amazon q4 eps 1.54 vs. 1.35 est . ; q4 revs . 43.74b vs. 44.68b est . amzn
amazon amzn q4 results : eps 1.54 vs. 1.36 exp ; rev : 43.7bn vs. 44.7bn exp . trendingshares trading shares
5-box ready for earnings coverage ! @dee_bosa @thedomino @kaylatausche @cnbcjosh @megtirrell - amzn cmg v gpro
amazon reports q4 eps 1.54 vs 1.35 est. , sales 43.7b vs 44.68b est . amzn
breaking : amazon amzn q4 earnings per share ( eps ) , 1.54 vs. 1.35 expected
top stocks to watch : facebook inc. ( fb ) astrazenica plc . ( azn ) oneok partners ( oks )
amzn back-month calls bought ahead of earnings amc , @titleconnector talks theta & amp ; be
selling to close ea mar 85 calls at 1.50 , nets 95c on earnings trade .
a slew of companies reporting after the closing bell , including amazon and visa . amzn , v
call it a @rampcapitalllc , call it superman , call it somethin . twtr on a rampage right now .
so is now a good time to have amazon tell us what 's with that undisclosed sec probe we 've been tracking since summe
today s stocks winners : x , m , cost
all amazon , all the time right here on our live blog with @jowens510 and @jbooton amzn
amazon year-over-year revenue growth : 22 % . amzn
the most accurate amzn estimate is from phi16 , beating 628 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
amzn beats the estimize eps consensus by 6c and misses the estimize revenue consensus by 1.24b -
amzn reports fq4 earnings of 1.54 eps and 43.74b revs -
amazon web services is still growing really fast : amzn
amazon revenues came up a bit short in the holiday quarter , but 2016 was a big year : profit increased 300 % + .
rt @linnaneciara : all amazon , all the time right here on our live blog with @jowens510 and @jbooton amzn
most active options : amzn reports amc , msft asks for exceptions to travel ban , amd earnings beat , aapl , fb
amazon earnings beat expectations , but sales were light @bysamro amzn
just in : amazon fourth-quarter earnings per share 1.54 vs expected 1.35 amzn
aws sales for q1 3.5b up from 2.4b a year ago . profit 955m up from 580m a year ago . amzn
cholesterol drug makers trading up on amgn outcomes data : amgn +2.8 % mdco +8.4 % espr +7.2 % regn flat
rt @reuterstech : just in : amazon fourth-quarter earnings per share 1.54 vs expected 1.35 amzn
apple moves closer to iphone assembly in india aapl
what 's going on at twitter ? more m & amp ; a talk ? trump assuming government control of it ? sarcasm but twtr popped before close . finished up 3 % .
gld seller of 10k jan18 140s to buy may17 118s . atm options cheaper than pre-election , but upside tail more expensive . buy gamma sell vega ?
bac using the steadiness of a mega bank to trade options - * 89 % win rate * 52 % returns *
facebook instagramstories are focused on making sure it is not ! fb snap
fb now that earnings are over , this option trade has been a gigantic winner while avoiding risk
cult of personality ? snap selling class a shares with no votes in ipo . you really have to trust that evan spiegel is next fb/zuck to buy .
strong words from brian hamilton of @sageworks on snapchat . `` snap is twitter 2.0 . '' good growth . bleeding . huge valuation . big risk . twtr
this should feel similar to fb 's chart , but with a larger btwn us/rest
rt @igaus : fb earnings smashes expectations .
the rise and rise of amazon in one chart ! amzn
snap s ipo is poised to be the largest us-listed technology debut since alibaba in 2014 via @wsj snap baba
indices levels to watch : ftse , dax and spx
am recap : amzn q was fine , 165k jobs on deck , turkey sausage and , yes , the tree is still up . nfpguesses
rt @cecileva : tvix , uvxy heading for record trading this week :
18 spx companies have revenue exposure of more than 10 % to canada and mexico combined .
10 stocks you should be watching today amgn amzn an hsy gpro psx v clx csc wy
article in the wsj says trump to dismantle dodd-frank . that should be good news for the banks that held 50day fas jpm bac gs
spx futs +3 ahead of jobs friday as we spent the week holding above the accelerated trend with key support 2268-2272. pivot resistance 2286
good morning . mostly green arrows around the world ahead of jobs friday . in europe dax+.27 % cac.+78 % ftse+.51 % . nikkei flattish , spx futs+3
ralph lauren , citigroup , o'reilly , e*trade : @cnbcfastmoney picks for february 3 c etfc orly rl
@eriiiic about ads , for now , it 's all in on facebook ( + instagram for branding ) . nothing makes more with your . fb results beat them all
very smart move by aapl to assemble iphone in india , where only 3 % market share next open stores -- & gt ; +15 % eps
latest earnings point to a largely strong year for fang stocks , aapl
this is why investors can expect even more good news about apple aapl
watch these 8 huge put purchases in friday trade cern esrx mjn nxpi yelp pbct rl panw
confidence in long-term business strategy , profitability & amp ; strong cash flows , agn declares first q cash dividend
amazon recovers after a dip , but are there more record highs to come ? amzn
snap s employee stock awards appreciated 30 % on average since granted . twtr 's = 75 % at same time . fb 's = 450 % .
spy resistance 228.59 then 229.71
25 stocks moving in friday 's pre-market amgn amzn bntc data ftnt mtz v cala deck feye gpro xgti clvs
rt @silviaascarelli : this is why investors can expect even more good news about apple aapl
aapl exceeds targets in latest bond sale , raises 10 billion
amazon 's soft guidance will provide investors with a better entry point amzn
rt @jasonraznick : microsoft msft to move to detroit & amp ; join us in our building . welcome @microsoft !
microsoft msft to move to detroit & amp ; join us in our building . welcome @microsoft !
non-farm friday - 3 more winning futures trades ! spy ung uso sbux hog dodd-frank jobsreport --
piper 's chief technical analyst : this market is entering a new era blue celg f gm x spy
rt @ophirgottlieb : fb now that earnings are over , this option trade has been a gigantic winner while avoiding risk
as fb hits an all-time high , @gportell talks to @divinebizkid about a future that may not be entirely ad-based :
rt @thomasbcn : most fb revenue growth since ipo ( 12q2 ) came from mobile ads @statistacharts
goldman sachs higher on anticipation of dodd-frank reform gs
oh happy day . lots of all-time highs with stocks surging on jobs and trump deregulation news . v usb adbe race dvmt enr adsk mtn
check out these successful students- proof that you can do anything you set your mind to fb twtr
views on @amazon : discounting as a form of 'investment ' ? amzn
radiohead sang that gravity always wins . i 'd argue that it 's goldman sachs that always wins . gs up 4 % . nice to have friends in high places .
rt @crazyfasteddy : retweeted ophir gottlieb ( @ophirgottlieb ) : fb aapl cml tm members , we just sent this massive update get ...
lots of earnings next week . has foxa gm dis mdlz hum cnn owner twx pru wfm cvs ko via.b k yum twtr atvi nwsa nvda + more .
rt @robwilliamsny : companies that may benefit most from repatriation of overseas cash , according to bofa merrill lynch aapl msft googl 
rt @factset : the earnings growth rate for spx for q4 is 4.6 % today , above the estimate of 3.1 % on december 31. htt
look at this thing . they hit expiries from this month to the endofyr . doddfrank play ? bac
the earnings growth rate for spx for q4 is 4.6 % today , above the estimate of 3.1 % on december 31 .
go , banks , go ! go , banks , go ! bac wfc kbe
each one of elon musk s companies stands to win big or get stung with new trump administration tsla
@simplerchartart hello ! check out our estimate for gild before tuesday !
more suspiciously positive action : ups.. and i like the strength in cloud plays adbe and crm
gs chief economist jan hatzius on why he expects 2017 to be a stronger year than 2016 :
tesla gives the california power grid a battery boost : tsla
just shy of yet another new high for morgan stanley . ms is up 110 % from its 52-week low .
shares of nvidia are up over 300 % in the past year : nvda
rt @hedgeye : schultz endorsed clinton for president , was vetted to run dol & amp ; considered for vp . plus sbux drinkers = democrats .
rt @cezary : nice pop in gs stock after gary cohn announces white house efforts to dismantle doddfrank
milk steamer and a 2nd register needed -- that 's a lot ! sbux
pivot levels for week of 2/6/17 spy qqq iwm ibb
forget the app . @starbucks now has a chatbot to help you with your order . sbux ( via
hasbro an excellent investment play , and fedex delivers - today 's stocks to watch : has fdx
5 trade ideas for wells fargo : bonus idea - dragonfly capital wfc spy..
apple analysts will likely raise their eps targets in a wave of upbeat notes over the next few weeks , says @mktwhulbert aapl
we just got some hard numbers on the massive iphone upgrade cycle that 's coming aapl
jobs figures appear overtly positive , but interpretation is key spy @tdajjkinahan
fastenal fast reports jan net sales +9.0 % growthaccelerating
65 % of all s & amp ; p 500 stocks are trading above their 50-day moving average right now : spy voo
the forward 12-month p/e ratio for spx is 17.1 , above the 10-year average ( 14.4 ) .
rt @leejhsmith : taking meat of the move . gale in 1.79 out 2.23 for a 1179 profit premarket thanks tim and stt . @timothysykes @stockstot
facebook could stay explosive fb
20 stocks moving in monday 's premarket blue bntc cog gale nakd pulm myos has saex gluu do tsn tif renn
facebook partners with french media to fight fakenews politico fb
all of the slow gld gdx slv positioning by wiseguys ... sweepers lookin like g 's .
spring is coming and so does the atm machine we know and love in natural gas ugaz price is looking ripe
rt @cerebrus7 : stx wdc both store data both strong earners , you decide stocks philanthropy investor investingtrader investing bigd
i think amzn hits 50day at some point like googl did post earnings .
aapl nice extra move above friday 's high . i added and sold some . but still in . as i use a tier system
as facebook pushes its overseas revenues per user , its profitability should scale meaningfully :
fast +3.6 %
@riskreversal thinks the @snapchat ipo could help boost twtr shares here s his trade
bunch 'o garbage in momo land . stock pickers market thus far . aapl , bidu nice early movers
happy monday ! start your week off right by watching some stocks , obvs : has tif tm fdx
starbucks has become a target of trump-loving conservatives and that 's great news for the brand sbux
rt @canuck2usa : aapl big momma strong
can twitter help studios boost box office sales ? - twtr typo in maus but interesting
so far so good . we 've seen this before . i 'm long as well . a close above 180 is better bidu
barron 's picks and pans : chipotle , snap , amd and more amd intc nvda cmg eat fb twtr vste
how this signature could lead to 100 billion in new capital returns for bank investors .
snap and google have partner on a new cloud storage deal goog snap
rt @optionsaction : @riskreversal thinks the @snapchat ipo could help boost twtr shares here s his trade
50 brilliant motivational quotes these will help you get through the day for sure fb twtr
amd turnaround , pre earnings dis excitement , gm & amp ; gild @angiemiles w @louiswinthrop bullish on financials jpm
it ain t over till it s over ! momentum monday . discussed : ko , vlkay , nflx , dis trade demo : /vx investools
rt @canuck2usa : sina still running higher
grocery shoppers are increasingly opting for `` green '' items . here 's what it means for the organic market
back to the basics good to know how to read a stock chart properly fb twtr
rt @daveaurelio : thomson reuters starmine smartestimates ( r ) predict that fb will beat 16q4 eps 1.31 mean spx spy xlk @facebook
amazon 's earnings highlight expanding logistics network amzn
galena biopharma 'sell the news ' trade is working like a charm gale
members know we say hold on to nxpi . morgan stanley makes a strong case for the price going higher by itself
as alibaba seeks hollywood growth , 20 % upside ? baba wb emergingmarket china media @barronsonline @scmp_news
call of the day : dal & amp ; aal upgraded at bernstein
intc is on a roll after a difficult spell , so buy the stock now
aapl follow through , nothing new here other than more buying . @wallstjesus
akamai security business seen bright spot in q4 earnings : akam aapl fb amzn googl
we are halfway through earnings season ; here are the stats xlk spy
amzn pivot points - resistance : 828.81 current : 805.90 support : 785.76 chart -- & gt ;
fb huge winning option trades and the fascinating reality surrounding earnings
rt @stocktwits : the market 's largest company by year 2017 - aapl 2016 - aapl 2015 - aapl 2014 - aapl 2013 - aapl 2012 - aapl
the market 's largest company by year 2017 - aapl 2016 - aapl 2015 - aapl 2014 - aapl 2013 - aapl 2012 - aapl
randgold spikes after earnings , big dividend hike as africa mines thrive emergingmarket gold gld @barronsonline
chinese new year is coming to an end ! stocks to look forward to baba ptr shi ctrp start w/ ibd digital to make
twitter is poised to shock the bears soon ? twtr
amazon air-warehouse , trump effect create an overhang for ups shares amzn fdx ups
ff @karangoel whom i adore , @lizaswagner who is new to twtr , @ryanlawler for the hell of it , and @jeffkibuule for the exercise fistbumps .
this potential snap-google search deal sounds interesting . who would have benefitted more from the partnership ? cheddarlive googl snap
why facebook is one analyst 's top fang stock fb
uber poaches nasa engineer for project , and snap and google 's tangled web . cheddarlive golive googl snap
january jobs report marks labor s biggest contribution to us growth in over a year , per gs research 's current acti
netflix was the super bowl advertiser that generated the most buzz nflx
yen for yen , luv for luv ...
. @scottwapnercnbc luv luv !
aapl how to optimize trading covered calls in apple
snapchat users go on it for different reasons than they might go on facebook , helping it differentiate itself : fb
advanced micro devices continues to rip on potential intel deal amd intc nvda
looks like another new all-time high on the qqq
slight sell-off , vix up 2 % , msft calls , @jonnajarian positions in nus & amp ; myl
where does gs alum gary cohn fit in to the white house ? good column by @morningmoneyben
is a safer replacement for chemotherapy on the horizon ? gs research explores nanomedicine :
a look at 3 of the most promising innovations in materials science , with gs research :
nflx up a bit today . stranger things season 2 super bowl ad was great & amp ; unexpected . but why is there no waffle emoji on twitter ? eleven
my tom brady stock pick is tesla @elonmusk will be big winners in the 4 qtr ! tsla with @lizclaman on @foxbusiness
google is finding ways back into mainland china . goog googl
rt @cerebrus7 : i knew it , vote baba , at least they 're only taking over the world philanthropy investing investor investinskills stock
good morning . mixed markets around the world . europe up small , dax+.31 % ftse+.48 % . asia down small after a solid session . spx futs+1
rt @theinformation : exclusive : google is in talks to launch a version of its app store in china with local internet firm netease . goog htt
here 's why mannkind corporation rose 11.5 % in january mnkd
so cool ! aapl
off to montreal so @bnn 'morning call ' returns thurs morning + on 'weekly ' this friday i chat usa economy w bac @bankofamerica economist
snapchat will be essential to google cloud business goog
expert : why smaller hedge funds will continue to outperform larger ones blk dwin mna spy qai wdti
apple up again today & amp ; stock has been more than lately . aapl up 14 % ytd and now less than 2 % from all-time high that it set back in 4/15 .
nvidia shakes off recent sell-off , climbs to record high : nvda amd
rt @timothysykes : 5 lessons from an incredible day of trading this is a must read fb twtr
these are the 4 best charts you will ever see i hope they make you as happy as they make me fb twtr
13 of facebook 's biggest milestones aapl fb goog friendsday
aapl if you trade calls in apple -- this is the key to winning
nividia is currently bullishly trending above both its 50-day and 200-day moving averages : nvda
is graph search no longer a part of fb ? i 'm trying run a search of `` friends who live in [ city ] '' ...
tesla 's model s has the fastest acceleration among production cars tested by @motortrend via @robtfrank tsla
the dow has given up much of it 's gain today , but still +36 points biggest point contributors ? boeing ba +18 ibm +14 apple aapl +11
3 ways you can make 1 million in 3 years or less study up , it 's not easy but it is possible fb twtr
the `` super bowl party '' indicator and the bull/bear case for stocks : by @lanceroberts spy
despite the timing of google & amp ; apple 's smartphones , @mspoonauer thinks the galaxy s8 will generate strong sales .
rt @gigabarb : snapchat will be essential to google cloud business goog
aapl how to trade weekly long calls in apple to maximize returns my take via @cnnmoney
it s going to get growthier . - gs ' lloyd c. blankfein on the economic outlook :
just load up on dell csco msft intc and walk away . & lt ; said the cfp in 1998. & gt ;
watch : gs ceo lloyd blankfein on why he s now a bit more optimistic about market growth :
jim cramer : nvidia will prove its worth nvda
reports that google wants to launch a chinese app store go back as far as 2014 : googl
dis opening a small position into earnings . expect a soft beat but a good ( vague ) story . aapl , basically .
the morning idea of nflx is acting better now and above triggers . needs to stay and close above them
yes , apple sold 5 % more iphones year over year . but there 's more than meets the eye : amzn aapl
apple , nvidia near all time-highs as microsoft remains under pressure aapl nvda msft amzn goog xlk
rt @lamonicabuzz : apple up again today & amp ; stock has been more than lately . aapl up 14 % ytd and now less than 2 % from all-time high that i
4 pieces of advice for @snap inc ( hint : do n't worry about stock price ) aapl fb tsla @snapchat
tsla up 20 % ytd . investors like that elon musk is friendlyish with trump ? maybe . but @s3partners notes short interest is at a record high .
it 's important to review this stuff because too many traders and `` teachers '' do not fb twtr
current most active symbols on byx : xlf , bac , amd , pip , eem livedata makingmarketsbetter
nflx not looking back now should start to see its range expand
rt @deoneroberts : bank of america testing completely automated branches bac charobs
bank of america testing completely automated branches bac charobs
rt @cgasparino : why crushing my trolls is good for stock holders and cld expedite a deal to sell twtr next on @foxbusiness @lizclaman
acacia , exxon and other hot stocks among short sellers acia bti shld xom uaa ziop
long-term facebook investors should view any post-earnings weakness as buying opportunity fb
well done analyst_6457953 beating 253 other analysts and the wall street consensus to take the win for gild -
gild beats the estimize eps consensus by 20c and the estimize revenue consensus by 116.14m -
gilead sciences reports q4 adj eps 2.70 vs 2.61 est , revenues 7.32b vs 7.15b est gild
rt @andybiotech : gild hcv franchise 4q16 sales 3.2b vs. consensus of 3.15b hcv 2017 guidance 7.5~9b vs. consensus of 11.5b
bullish percentage index shows narrower participation in this rally spx
snapchat spectacles , pok mon go , others win big at techcrunch 's crunchies 2017 awards twlo twtr
facebook , apple and alphabet can pay more for talent . can everone else ? fb , aapl , googl
qqq with new all-time high close 14/25 trading days this year , including today
buffalo wild wings just had one of the most awful earnings misses i have ever seen bwld
live : whole foods unveils `` produce butcher '' wfm
latest smartphone os sales market data headed your way wed. morning . find our interactive chart here aapl googl
shares of aapl , ba , and ibm pushed the sp500 to a near-record high today
good to hear . not all set ups work . this one was good today . it would be nice to get a little upside follow thru to
rt @bespokeinvest : apple 's aapl current streak of 494 trading days w/o an all-time high is the longest of the iphone-era :
well done analyst_4551382 beating 99 other analysts and the wall street consensus to take the win for bwld -
rt @sm_stocks : fgd.v fgbdf imo i expect at least 1-2 more deals from china . this is just the start . mini alibaba baba fintech
rt @sallyshin : we are getting very close to aapl record levels all-time intraday high : 134.54 april 2015 record close : 133.00 feb 2015
we are getting very close to aapl record levels all-time intraday high : 134.54 april 2015 record close : 133.00 feb 2015 via @chrishayesg
aapl closed at a new annual high see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
nflx closed at an all-time time .
. fb is great at consistently growing revenue-per user-faster than cost-per-user . twtr is not . too early to tell f
rt @megtirrell : clarified w gild , here is what john milligan said about net harvoni price . 1 bottle=1 month . so 12 wks nets 45k , off 94 .
gild concedes will be difficult to grow revenue off 30b ( 2016 ) base without acquisition ( s ) . good question , mark schoenebaum .
buffalo wild wings moderating traditional restaurant development , exploring `` alternative formats , '' including takeout/delivery only . bwld
keeping an eye on apple - the company is less than 2.00 away from an all-time high ! aapl
bank of america 's next experiment : branches without employees bac charobs
panerabread rallies after the bell while buffalo wild wings sinks despite peak superbowl wing day pnra bwld
amazon payments volume nearly doubles as it expands to new markets : amzn pypl v ma fb
why aapl is the best value stock on the stockmarket right now
public cloud and saas companies continue to pair up this time it 's aws and workday amzn wday
gild has earned a reputation for excellent capital allocation . they are showing what they think of small and mid cap valuations
rt @biohazard3737 : maybe , they should just announce their plan to build a 35k electric car and hire a ceo with adhd . gild tsla
aapl friends , i promised i would stun you -- and here it is : this is how you become a top 1 % option trader
new look networking startup snaproute scores microsoft , att as backers t msft
rt @randyafrederick : looks like that upside technical resistance on the spx at 2300 is pretty strong . rejected for the 5th time in the las
aapl how to win with options in apple and become the expert in the room
rt @cnntech : . @twitter announced a new set of features to combat hateful and abusive content twtr
amazon drone delivery base coming to portland metro area ? amzn
pay with amazon saw increase of 10m yoy with & gt ; 33m custs now ! great to see strong growth in mobile payment for amzn .
tesla 's top-end model s sets motor trend acceleration record , beating elon musk 's estimate tsla
aapl the magnificent option strategy that proves a huge win for apple
rt @labboudles : @tculpan has an idea for how apple and india can both get something out of the refurbishing iphones idea aapl
@tculpan has an idea for how apple and india can both get something out of the refurbishing iphones idea aapl
softbank : lots more to go macquarie sees 30 % upside via @barronsasia baba s
tsla the beautiful moves that turned into a gigantic option winner -- with less risk .
intc this window into the world of successful option trading turned a loss into a 105 % gain
good morning . mixed markets around the world . europe flattish . asia higher as the nikkei+.51 % shanghai+.46 % hk+.56 % . spx futures +1
an analyst today gave gild an 85 target if they buy 2.2b in additional 2022 revenue . goes to show nobody even cares what they pay for it .
rt @cerebrus7 : strl axti stx also look strong for daily growth philanthropy finance investor investinskills investing stocks dayt
why me and my blackberry were lucky in love bbry
rt @wrigleytom : twtr 18.80 [ 7:15 ] getting attn . in pre-mkt
the twitter president gives twitter a second chance ; upgrading to buy with 25 twtr target
agn reports strong 2016 finish with 7 % increase in gaap net revenues to 3.9 billion in fourth quarter 2016
this morning 's winner for agn is panda_w who beats 39 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
agn beats the estimize eps consensus by 14c and the estimize revenue consensus by 90.61m -
2017 is a pivotal year for agn we are well-positioned to deliver growth ... agn reports strong 2016
bofa added facebook to us 1 list fb initially cited snap threat , but now says `` less competitive pressure than exp
see how spy treats friday 's gap pivot . 228.46 . if it breaks and stays below . the 21day & amp ; accelerated trend support is 227.55
blackberry is trying a new way to make money from messenger bbry
7 strategies the wealthy follow to get richer they can work for you too fb twtr
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet bwld bac
traders see more highs for a hot sector etf xlf
rt @brady_fbn : shares of apple are near a record high as short interest falls to a record low . are investors too bullish ? aapl @foxbusin
if u were watching @foxbusiness over the past week u wld have saw this coming : twtr shares rise after stock upgrade
cramer 's mad dash gild
facebook should n't be scared of snapchat ; bank of america adds stock to 'us 1 ' list fb twtr
facebook expands 'safety check ' to help people find food , shelter and transport after a crisis fb
spy - today s expiration . best pin around 229.5. more puts were added since start of week so def has decent support
icymi : apple finishes 2016 as top smartphone brand in great britain : googl aapl ios
rt @ukarlewitz : inv intel bulls highest since dec 2004 : spx chopped sideways until april 05 ( losing ~5 % at one pt ) , then gained ~30 % in n
@teslamotors might grow to the trees and save the world . @elonmusk tsla
the trump rally is overshadowing the best earnings season in years spy
trump gives twitter a second chance ; btig upgrades stock to buy with 25 price target twtr
fb left : what everyone else is doing right : what @cmlviz trade members are doing . be . powerful .
rt @philipvandoorn : semiconductor stocks can be long-term winners . nvida has led the way nvda
is @gm 's bolt ev ready to take on @teslamotors ? gm tsla
while markets just kinda blah . we 've got solid movement in tsla bidu baba .
@intel plans to spend 7b on facilities in arizona - bloomberg intc
apple inc. gears up to distribute 3.1 billion in dividends to shareholders aapl
meet the entrepreneur who destroyed and rebuilt investment fund trading cx nflx @liquidnet startups
apple shares are closing in on a record high aapl
rt @seekingalpha : dakota access pipeline godsend for bakken producers clr mro oas sto wll xom etp
rt @erikholmwsj : amazon and alphabet are in a race to 1,000 a share . amzn googl
amazon and alphabet are in a race to 1,000 a share . amzn googl
rt @kchaykowski : facebook expands 'safety check ' to help people find food , shelter and transport after a crisis fb
stan druckenmiller seems poised to make a killing on gold gld
regn reports before the open tomorrow , estimize consensus +0.05 eps and +6.55m revs compared to ws
tesla up 2 % today . tsla now up nearly 25 % ytd . do n't think many people ( other than elon musk ? ) saw that coming . but how long can this last ?
three domestic airlines set to hit new highs luv ha alk
fb nearing all-time highs - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
zillow my new best friend . my neighborhood . intel will invest 7 billion in chip factory in arizona intc
netflix 's new business line : action figures ? dis nflx
anyone think whole foods crushes earnings today ? wfm moga ( make organic great again ) .
short sellers are getting steamrolled by tesla tsla
rt @xmcapitalgroup : aapl all-time highs this week . it 's already at an ath when divs are included . should have a lot more upside as manager
results since my last @forbes article s & amp ; p 500 : up 1 % regn : flat icpt : up 7 % agn : up 10 % new article at 4pm !
ndx leading the way for equities +6.6 % ytd 2017 . spx +2.4 % ytd . djia +1.7 % ytd . performance . learn more :
ndx is leading equities performance in 2017 up 6.6 % ytd compared to spx up 2.4 % . ndx options for performance .
rt @caschaberg : american drops seat-back viewing from its new 737 fleet as domestic flights go wi-fi aal
satya nadella msft ceo in the house today here in detroit .
aapl hit 132.00 ... now a little more than 1 away from all-time closing high .
buy amzn
netflix + domino 's = winning combination for shareholders nflx dpz
big round number for ndx record high ... that qqq volume tho..
us growth continued its steady climb into 2017 with boost from payrolls , per gs research 's current activity indica
apple had cumulatively sold 25 million apple tvs as of early 2015 , & amp ; that number might now be over 35 million : aapl
regn halted , news pending ( per streetaccount )
s & amp ; p 500 has n't had a 1 % intraday move since december 14 , longest period of intraday tranquility in history . spx
dis earnings , oil prices recover . fb & amp ; cop upside calls active @jonnajarian
rt @wsjmoneybeat : apple shares are closing in on a record high aapl
the market is closed now so it 's study time , watch this and see trading does n't have to be stressful fb twtr
and here 's a great piece @gilliantett wrote about twitter , @realdonaldtrump and the `` fireside chat '' via @ft twtr
qqq new all time high ( 15/last 26 days ) mm to 130 above , support 125/124.2/123.5/122
spy holding near ath , 229.6 resistance then mm 's to 230.7/234 , support 228.25/226.5/225
intel intc to invest 7 billion in factory in arizona , employ 3,000
gld gc_f continues higher , 1245/1278/1300 resistance , support 1215/1200/1185
quiet session overall , but facebook to new highs , broad tech too as optimism grows fb qqq
gold closes at its highest level since november 10 , continues to climb back from the post-election sell-off . gld
intc turning intel into a money printing machine with clever option trading
rt @timothysykes : see how i made 2,000+ before 9:30am the other day this pattern repeats often fb twtr
@intel evp `` we are not a political company '' - bloomberg intc
martin shkreli : i would buy gilead shares while they 're cheap gild
. @brentlsaunders my pleasure -- you laid out a vision that was like merck back in the late 80s ! ! love it ! ! agn
`` stoke the fan base . '' tsla
great work by analyst_8265394 who takes the win for twtr beating 312 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
regn & amp ; @sanofi update on patent litigation ; us patients have continued access to our pcsk9 inhibitor during appeal
rt @cnbc : earnings : twitter q4 eps 0.16 adj . vs. 0.12 est . ; q4 revs . 717m vs. 740.1m est . twtr
at least twitter added new users . a year ago , twitter reported it had actually lost more users than it gained twtr
congrats twtr and dorsey , you 've done it again !
different time . same story . twitter reported this morning . beat on eps . missed on revs . sluggish user growth . twtr down 6 % premarket .
twitter reports q4 average monthly active users 319m , up 4 % yoy , average daily active usage up 11 % yoy twtr
twtr revenue in q4 -- 717 million . forecasts were 739.97m . shares are falling fast .
rt @hustonca : presidential debate boost twtr .
rt @michaelbabad : watch twitter results for a 'trump bump ' ( subscribers ) twtr
twitter ceo jack dorsey said 2016 was focused on user usage , 2017 will be focused on ad products/revenue twtr
`` twitter changed the way the world communicates , and we 'll do it again . '' - @jack twtr
twitter 's influence and impact has grown . it is powerful and fundamental says @jack . twtr
dorsey says one area where twitter outpaces competitors : `` influence and impact '' twtr
hundreds of little changes added up to more predictable and sustained growth . will now be more inventive and take bigger risks . twtr
rt @hustonca : twitter posted flat u.s. monthly active user growth , despite election focus . twtr
twitter 's livestreaming partnerships won it 31m unique visitors in q4 . instagram got 150m daily actives copying snapchat 's stories . twtr
`` when he tweets , it sparks conversation and discussion . '' - @anthonynoto twtr -- guess who he is ?
noto : live-streaming nfl deal , which cost twitter 10m , `` exceeded expectations on revenue and profitability '' twtr
rt @pharmascrip : allergan confident about continued growth , swats down competition concerns agn
noto says company `` incredibly happy '' with outcome of streaming thursday night football twtr
yourmoney : @twitter q416 earnings call by @jack twtr
tesla factory check : model 3 activity picking up tsla
`` the headlines questioned our ability to turn user growth '' - @anthonynoto twtr
dorsey : `` it 's hard , but it s all worth it . twitter changed the way the world communicates + we ll do it again '' twtr
a day after promising new jobs to trump , intel meets the analysts today . they have a lot more to talk about intc
trump will make @twitter great again , says @richbtig twtr via @barronstechblog
twitter will use machine learning to shake up the timeline further . more room to build experiences around interests , says @jack . twtr
. @jack says twitter investing a lot in ai , machine learning to help users find what s breaking in real time . twtr
we know how this ends . have you bought your at-the-money april spy puts ? 9.0 vol is as cheap as i 've ever seen
tsla shares jumped more than 4 % in premarket hours . according to reuters , tesla plans to shut down its california assembly plant for 1 week
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet viab aapl twtr
twitter is the best niche digital product of all time . one day it will run that way . twtr
i think that was actually one of the best performances i 've heard from @jack -- sounded confident twtr
dorsey : `` i m confident we can get this to something much simpler for everyone within this year '' twtr
`` i 've never been more sure about the value that twitter brings . '' - @jack twtr
`` the super power we provide the world ... '' holy crap there is nothing more offensive than shallow jargon on calls . twtr
yes @twitterir @jack let 's keep those non-gaap numbers unreal ! twtr
rt @vicrek : stat of the day : aapl is +13.5 % ytd as it nears its all-time high
stat of the day : aapl is +13.5 % ytd as it nears its all-time high
the hottest stock of 2016 reports earnings today : nvda
. @twitter added 2m users in q4 . @recode 's @kurtwagner8 says the company is now emphasizing dau growth , which grew 1
rt @kchaykowski : dorsey says live video is a `` big focus . '' shuttering vine was part of cutting `` everything that did not matter '' twtr
stocks start higher today . tesla soaring 8 on the plant getting ready to start making model3 's on time ! tsla
ios accounted for 44.4 % of us smartphone sales in q4 2016 , up from 39.1 % in the same period in 2015
tsla is up 46 % since then . thanks @elonmusk and @teslamotors team
twitter matched its earnings expectations and grew its user base , though investors still have their concerns :
jack dorsey : i 've never been more sure of twitter 's value twtr @jack
rt @brentlsaunders : innovation , growth , people = strategy - the key for agn success . @johncendpts boldforlife
cramer 's mad dash mu `` that 's a buy ! ''
innovation , growth , people = strategy - the key for agn success . @johncendpts boldforlife
thrilling thursday - shorting oil at 53 - again tza ung qqq spx oil ko tri sqqq aapl dnkn wfm twtr
today s stocks winners : viab , payc , tsla
yelp reports q4 eps 0.10 vs. est . 0.03 , rev . 194m vs. est . 194m yelp
breaking : yelp inc. yelp q4 revenue , 194.8m vs. 194.49m expected
breaking : yelp inc. yelp q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) beats estimates , 0.27 vs. 0.03 expected
flurry of earnings on tap ! p yelp nvda atvi set to report any moment ! tune in !
qqq new all-time high ( 16/27 days this year )
great work by rbhoope0 who takes the win for nvda beating 510 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
nvda beats the estimize eps consensus by 24c and the estimize revenue consensus by 35.79m -
breaking : nvidia nvda q4 revenue , 2.17b vs. 2.11b expected
breaking : nvidia nvda q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) beats estimates , 1.13 vs. 0.83 expected
whole foods wfm shares are up more than 3 % after company announced new growth plans , store closures
rt @michellef_davis : one of mexico 's richest families just got a lot richer , thanks to tequila and donald trump . c
2 surprise standouts from td ameritrade 's january imx aapl bac jpm chk m nvda dis tsla
nvidia beat on profit and revenue despite raised expectations . guess the street had even higher expectations for nvda than analysts .
nasdaq 100 etf , total returns ... 2009 : +55 % 2010 : +20 % 2011 : +4 % 2012 : +18 % 2013 : +37 % 2014 : +19 % 2015 : +9 % 2016 : +
tesla stock is up more than 25 % in 2017 . tsla via @lamonicabuzz
no long line problem at dunkin dnkn sbux
great work by analyst_2800975 who takes the win for yelp beating 135 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
twitter 's got more users ( yay ! ) , but it ca n't seem to sell them ads ( aw ... ) : @shiraovide vi
apple has a firm grip on wireless headphones in the us aapl
fb how to win with facebook options -- a lot . my take via @cnnmoney
nvidia ceo : gaming is continuing to grow and gives us a good base , data center is huge in near term , auto could really kick in 2019 . nvda
why gs research calls india s currency experiment one of the most fascinating in the world
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high list jumps to 43 stocks . consdiscr , tech , industrials , financials lead . xlk xly xlf xli
stocks : market leaders by price volume aapl bac fb nvda see full list
just look at these nvidia segments . the most mature and largest business grew sales 44 % , datacenter and auto have h
rt @wmwitkowski : djia spx comp hit records as trump tax plan replaces his talking about ivanka s dress line over at nordstrom s
nvidia reports sick earnings . really good growing triple digits . wonderful company and future . the valuations seems right . nvda
djia spx comp hit records as trump tax plan replaces his talking about ivanka s dress line over at nordstrom s
rt @domsplaying : nvidia nvda earnings : vr now targeted at early adopters . next is cheaper , lighter & amp ; user-friendly headsets . expects use
rt @domsplaying : nvidia nvda earnings call : global pc gaming market is `` vibrant & amp ; growing . '' referenced overwatch , lol & amp ; esports as having
rt @toddo67 : @keithmccullough @hedgeye gon na give you guys props on yelp short call yesterday
icymi : @sanofi and @regeneron win a reprieve in a battle over cholesterol drugs sny regn
here 's how yesterday 's all-time highs in spy looked sectors
spy nice technical week . it held 228.50ish , then broke above 229.71 with a new high yesterday at 230.95 - ( simplify it )
rt @arkwebx0 : `` arm will be the 1 inference platform , that goes without saying . '' jensen nvda
scoop : amazon moves onto victoria 's secret 's turf with its own bras for 10 and under . w/
early movers : nwsa , expe , ipg , p , shld , intc & amp ; more h/t @peterschack
wechat adds starbucks gifting sbux
this week 's promise of '' something phenomenal in terms of tax ... '' places a bid under stocks . - bad for my spy puts - good for my longs
watch these 5 huge put purchases in friday trade acor dks mdr yelp twlo
watch these 8 huge call purchases in friday trade aks chk cien wmt vuzi jone p tap
. @elonmusk wants to bring tesla to india `` this year '' tsla
30 stocks moving in friday 's pre-market atvi bioc box shld skx immu nvda ocul icpt egle yelp znga clf
nvda `` trade idea 1 : buy the february 10 expiry 116/111 1 2 put spread for 0.05 . '' gon na lose the nickel
all you silicon valley libertarians should remember why hank rearden had a great labor force : high wages and a strong union . tsla
@the_real_fly some people vote with their dollars ( i find nike products superior anyway nke )
it 's not for any particular reason but sold spy . nice three day trade from the rdr 228.46 pivot then add above 229.71 .
here 's why everyone is watching tesla today . it 's about to trade at its most important level ever : tsla
netflix is getting into merchandise ... and it 's a brilliant idea nflx
when china bashing gets loudest its usually time to buy fxi and other blue chip china tech plays baba bidu tcehy
rt @marc_slans : @ophirgottlieb i 'm really wondering where nvda 's market cap will be in 5 years ? could be a monumental stretch ...
downtown josh brown : twitter is no facebook , but still has huge potential twtr fb @reformedbroker
is about to shake up ... the bra industry . watch out , victoria 's secret amzn
facebook lite finds success in emerging markets fb
bright spot for twitter : publishers are seeing video views jump twtr
nvidia revealed some amazing earnings numbers yesterday , showing why it has had this crazy run on wall street .
ugaz atm about to reset for a trade to 25
stocks hit new highs on trump 's mystery tax-cut plan b wmt nke gs dg x
fb was a great investment . i love day trading ... its a nice break from the chaos but i 'm getting back to work now .
@chris_ciaccia does n't mean i do n't like nvda . it 's the best way to invest in the ai revolution . sometimes stocks just need a break .
tsla trading higher after being blessed with the fake news imprimatur
rt @mevans14 : on the road to voice payments , googl and amzn pull ahead of aapl . read my thoughts in @tmacheel 's @digiday story
nvidia 's better-than-expected results were its seventh straight quarter of trouncing consensus estimates :
if u traded amzn for a gap fill . here i go . and if u traded googl for a scalp above 826 . there ya go . micro tac
wedbush on why zynga should 'win the race ' znga
@aussieflya sorry . no worries there . we want it to go down so we can buy more nvda
the home goods category is dominated by @walmart @target and @bedbathbeyond can department stores close the gap ?
activision blizzard is on fire . atvi up 17 % on earnings . all-time high . competitors ea ttwo both rallying as well .
nvda you were n't betting against nvidia ... were you ? ( long )
live : snapchat said it already plans to pay googl 2 billion over 5 years -
. @uaw says it will greet tsla workers with 'open arms ' via @reuters
. @uaw says it will greet tsla workers with `` open arms '' via @dailymail
. @senwarren wants @goldmansachs to turn over 'any communications ' with alumni now serving in trump white house : gs
what do tesla , netflix & amp ; disney have in common ? there 's talk apple could buy any one of them aapl dis nflx tsla
@jeff_burke14 interesting . got to be in tech as many tech companies have the cash . how about p yelp twtr box znga
after trump 's meeting thursday with airline industry leaders , many in the industry seemed pleased :
stock etfs led higher by oil , materials , small caps : spy qqq uso xle cvx xom xlb dow dd mon fcx gld iwm
fridayfade that 133 closing all-time high posing a headwind for aapl shares ; after opening at 132.94 , drifting
stocks are loving the growth prospects of tax cuts and sensible regulation . let 's grow again ! qqq , spy all-time highs .
for our 3 pm et closing bell show , what news would you like us to lead off with ? cheddarlive fb amzn shld
and ea ttwo both at all-time highs too !
banks bet on investment tech bac
banks bet on investment tech bac
banks bet on investment tech bac by @biintelligence
apple users have higher credit scores , get better rates than android fans aapl @lendingtree
fb if you 're long facebook calls , this is exactly how to max profits
jim cramer thinks nvidia remains a 'frighteningly positive story ' nvda
twtr market cap : 9.8b xbt market cap : 15.6b twitter is dead ! long live bitcoin !
rt @chicagostock : twtr shareholders should love this & gt ; how twitter ceo , jack dorsey , restricted advertising for trump s campaign
run by robots : amazon s high-tech supermarket may only need three employees amzn
twtr @goldmansachs reiterates `` buy '' guidance : `` we continue to see significant value in twitter s user base , engagement , data and content ''
iwm acts well today . i 'm still long . i did take the spy trade off though
nvidia remains one of the most exciting growth stories in tech amd intc nvda
how about making 23,000 in just 2 hrs ? you need to watch this fb twtr
market spy rallies on fitch warning . do n't fight the tape .
bernstein calls dollar general 'our strategic winner , ' attractive takeover target for amazon amzn dg wmt
dia spy iwm qqq all at all-time highs , will they all close there ? this would be the first time since december 8th
intc the incredible opportunity in intel options -- if you 're smart
w/ earnings in the rearview , flow is pointing to fresh legs on the spy next week . | back to business |
@wallstjesus beautiful multi-day on this one ebay
rally continues , drj buys googl calls , unusual activity in cmcsa . host @jonnajarian
today 's chart : apple shares on brink of new all-time closing high aapl @seanansmith
get today 's chat logs for free at see how we traded skx plug bac nugt cei and more
already , with former gs exec gary cohn at his side , @potus released two exec orders from the wall street wish list
yes , have pushed nvda since 30 ! ! thanks for remembering
bloomberg does it again . `` explode higher '' : xlf up .42 % spy up .41 %
yes . lots of that going on . which is why they are checking fb metrics also
watch out , victoria : amazon 's getting into the bra business ! amzn
rt @cboe rally continues , drj buys googl calls , unusual activity in cmcsa . host @jonnajarian
another reason @jimcramer thinks agn is in charge of its destiny .
if plug continues next week - we will have to watch oldies fcel and bldp they already starting perking up
. @facebook inc fb stock could gain big from @instagram s growing engagement
the latest samsung galaxy s8 news . also , facebook will provide data for ad audit . watch : cheddarlive golive fb
amazon is planning on selling a lingerie line , which recently started marketing bras for under 10 in europe : amzn
@cats_and_code *shrug* xbt continues to rise ; twtr continues to tank .
agreed - with spy ripping all-time highs this week , @hedgeyeinternet nailed both yelp and twtr bear side
qqq 9 green daily bars in a row .
tsla the clever moves that turned into a beautiful option winner .
made our clients over a million dollars on video games today . awesome . i knew all that battlefield1 would pay off . atvi up 18 % ea up 3
tsla worker jose moran in a new video . he wants successful , profitable tesla with better conditions . outrageous ?
if you trade `` actively '' . this is day 3 of indices spy to the upside from 228.56 . not a bad idea to have less- does n't mean go short
apple car tops consumer wish list for iphone maker : aapl
tsla stock could climb higher if the company meets production goals
breaking : joey struggles to find the tweets to explain yet another all-time closing high for spy
apple ceo tim cook believes augmented reality is 'a big idea , like the smartphone' - aapl
still to come : - aapl nflx hd at all-time-highs . would you still buy them ? - one-year anniversary of the dimon bottom - @larry_kudlow
apple car tops consumer wish list for iphone maker - aapl cc @armstrongcbc
nvidia could be at the forefront of `` the artificial intelligence revolution '' nvda
spx - spx - something phenomenal on taxes -
apple released the first trailer for its 'carpool karaoke ' series during the grammys aapl
markets are holding on to gains this morning , after the bulls took charge last week . ftse dax spx
cot : record longs in wti and copper reduced by ole hansen oil gld slv
iwm became a nice focus late last week for catch up alpha . i will trim into this . but hold some . 138.37 was friday 's high .
spx futures up 6 into my measured move area 2325 from the 2271 breakout last week . probably a spot to trim longs in day 4 vs. add
ino is getting up to 50m upfront for a hpv deal in china .
. @twitter announced a new set of features this week to combat hateful and abusive content
fast money traders share their profit-taking candidates amzn an azo orly uri bac jpm c
you 're officially witnessing one of the calmest markets ever . seriously . this : spy voo vix
spx futures up 4-5 giving more upside follow thru to last week 's break out- trim & amp ; trail longs- do n't chase -
goldman sachs sees increased likelihood the iphone 8 will include ar content aapl lite
apple , nike , visa among dow 's top 5 gainers so far this year aapl nke v mrk ibm
rt @factset : 67 % of spx companies have beat eps estimates for q4 to date , equal to the 5-year average ( 67 % ) .
a peek into the markets : stock futures signal higher start on wall street spy uso agn dlx lea trv zltq nsp
watch these 7 huge call purchases in monday trade arnc k kss wfm m xpo pxd
agn to acquire zltq , maker of the non-surgical body contouring coolsculpting system , for 2.47b or 56.50 per share
rt @brentlsaunders : adding the best-in-class coolsculpting system to our world-class aesthetics business . agn to acquire zeltiq..
aapl iphone 8 tipped to sport iris-scanner ; 5-inch model said to make a comeback
adding the best-in-class coolsculpting system to our world-class aesthetics business . agn to acquire zeltiq..
67 % of spx companies have beat eps estimates for q4 to date , equal to the 5-year average ( 67 % ) .
alibaba shares are up 16.6 % since the start of the calendar year & amp ; that trend looks likely to continue :
18 stocks moving in monday 's premarket agn zltq axon immu on vsm cmre teva tsem hain box inov peri ncs
here 's what sheldon adelson and donald trump could talk about lvs mgm wynn
still looking like wall street believes cat will be a big winner from a trump infrastructure plan . we just need to
huge number alert : spx will reach 20 trillion in market cap if it touches 2324.22 ... a gain of 8.13 points ( via @peterschack ) .
cramer 's mad dash agn
@nike new film/ad takes a stand for equality . equality @serenawilliams & amp ; @lebron star . nke
benzinga 's top upgrades , downgrades for february 13 , 2017 agu aks axti regn ba mjn rai byd trtn pmts
stocks start higher across the world . tesla & amp ; apple start higher . rally in tesla might just be gettting going . apple upgraded . tsla aapl
apple is headed for another record high . icymi @mktwhulbert had told you to expect more good news/upgrades .
the market in 5 minutes : hello ... can you hear me ? spy uso teva sny aks has mat regn jcp wsm
rt @2morrowknight : how the world wakes up on twitter . twtr wcfdavos socialmedia maps
ugaz atm reloaded 25 would be nice
and today it 's small caps turn , fresh all-time highs iwm . make america grow again .
breaking : dow , s & amp ; p 500 reach record highs ; market value of s & amp ; p 500 surpasses 20 trillion for first time ever .
rt @frankmottek : stocks rally to record highs at opening bell dow +107 to 20,376 aapl at new highs + 1.55 to 133.67 @knx1070 @cbsla @kn
apple up 1 % . 133.75 . the all-time high of 134.54 is in sight . and aapl market value is back above 700 billion as well . iwow
vz unlimited data is back , burger king parent retaurant brands boosts profits , agn buys fat treatment company
apple shares hit a new all-time high , first record in nearly two years via @erikholmwsj @wsjmoneybeat aapl
apple shares in record territory aapl via @erikholmwsj
moon shot : the s & amp ; p500 mkt cap ~ 20trillion ! ! a stack of 20 bills worth 20t would reach the moon w/ & gt ; 40,000mi to s
check my figures but i think aapl will hit the trillion-dollar market cap mark at a share price of ~ 191
same-day shipping is key to fighting amazon amzn
. @fedex 's new service takes aim at @amazon fdx amzn
tsla standing ovation for the bulls ... have to see through a lot of noise . now 45 billion
rt @lamonicabuzz : apple up 1 % . 133.75 . the all-time high of 134.54 is in sight . and aapl market value is back above 700 billion as well
qualcomm 's shares surge 31 % as analyst sets a 1,000 target qcom via @wsj
aapl hits an all-time high on vague optimism something good will happen later this year . ( the best kind of catalyst ! )
apple 's stock is back at record highs . here 's one reason why aapl
if aapl can make it to the end of the day at the price it 's trading at it will be an all time high at closing
david einhorn 's great call on yelp yelp
steelmakers rally as china reportedly mulls output cuts to fight smog x nue aks stld aa
aa nice looking breakout here . aligning on all timeframes
s & amp ; p 500 spy just topped 20 trillion in assets . market cap of remaining 2,500 stocks in the russell 3000 : about 5 trillion . wow !
rt @lamonicabuzz : tesla unstoppable or will this end badly ? tsla up 3 % today & amp ; 30 % ytd . near all-time high . my story from thursday .
scary but true : almost every investor who owns a mutual fund or etf has reason to cheer aapl 's high @chrisdieterich
looking for a trading internship ? contact me @tsla sgnl crbp ktos hain ocul xoma
hopes for the 10th-anniversary iphone propel apple shares above record closing level aapl
rt @optionsaction : freeport is up 200 % in the last year . @michael_khouw & amp ; carter see more room to run fcx
rt @optionsaction : amzn & amp ; googl are on the race to 1k @michael_khouw explains who will get there first
freeport is up 200 % in the last year . @michael_khouw & amp ; carter see more room to run fcx
apple hits all-time high after ubs says its undervalued - aapl where have i heard this narrative before ?
tesla brings electric cars to oil-rich , supercar-loving u.a.e . - tsla
tech is breaking out . but if you missed out on the rally @riskreversal plays catch-up with csco
with 80 % of companies reported , s & amp ; p earnings up 46 % year-over-year , strongest since q1 2010 . spx
the consensus on nvidia is still pretty positive nvda
rt @brianprovost : google , please give google news the resources it deserves . like buying twtr .
munster : apple is taking baby steps into augmented reality aapl
@michaelsantoli but if you bought the 2000 top you 'd be up 2.7 % before dividends . so ... basically ... every day is a good day to buy . spx
real investment report : the bulls remain in charge : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
lot of blue chip all-time highs today . jpm usb pnc all nsc luv has qsr cost hd hon gd de adbe nflx ea but not aapl . yet .
25 dividend stocks you can buy and hold forever , via kiplinger xom jnj t pg
if aapl stays around this price it should beat its highest close ever
aapl breaks out above pivot points ( long ) - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
making money on friday talked x & amp ; cat file : //webvideoio/output/social_video/sot0240-sotmmmarketsread-0zyfs4ua_fbn_021317_11-24_wmpg4.mp4
as investors overlook aapl 's services business , stock price declared 10 % too low
apple is within a dollar of its highest stock price ever ( 134.54 ) aapl
tesla continues march toward new all-time highs tsla
intc how to turn intel into a phenomenal option trading stock
@pauljsingh dude.. amzn back to highs !
75 % of all s & amp ; p 500 components are trading above their 200-day moving average right now : spy voo
rt @benzinga : tesla continues march toward new all-time highs tsla
tsla making money in options with tesla in a way ... . you would not have guessed
apple is seeing a trump bump as investors re-evaluate the stock , says analyst via ( @harri8t ) aapl
. @goldmansachs raises aapl target to 150 in anticipation of blockbuster iphone8
breaking - apple trading above its record close . aapl
this is how you trade penny stocks with a small account it 's entirely possible ! fb twtr
aapl so this is real.. and better yet , you can find your own trading gems . find your edge :
@rudyhavenstein correct , all-time ( total return ) for financials was at the end of may 2007 , still 5 % to go before
tesla is bringing its electric cars to the heart of the oil producing world . tsla
getting s like this is n't easy and it 's why i 'm i 'm so proud of my team 's hard work fb twtr
rt @charliebilello : returns since oct '07 peak : xly : +160 % xlp : +141 % xlv : +134 % xlk : +116 % xli : +92 % spy : +81 % xlu : +67 % xlb : +49 %
took over 9 years , but financials today finally surpassed the high from the october 9 , 2007 bull market peak . last
twitter as a co-op ? it is a dream that is worthy of consideration , says @andrewtghill twtr @corpgovnet @sonjatrauss
tsla shares creeping towards all-time high via @robertoferris
rt @defotis : citigroup shares : best emergingmarkets bet for the cautious ? c banks fed trump tarullo @barronsonline
size keeps pouring into fb with yet another 1 milly + call sweep @wallstjesus
why the son of former migrant workers supports stronger border control eww spy
i look for 2-3 day swing trades . sometimes more . i did sell my spy friday from wednesday 's buy . & amp ; iwm today , from thursday 's buy . process
@henrygambell kicks off the trade of the week in nvda . see his setup along w/ mine & amp ; the the team 's spin here
aapl so everyone is now shocked how much tim cook loves ar . we wrote about his patent in july of '16
tim cook : augmented reality is as big of a technology as the smartphone - aapl
investors may not realize how quickly microsoft is adding customers to its cloud business -- @jimcramer : msft
a magnificent day for the optimists . the vast pile of negative noise investors have to plow through and held stocks the last few years spy
the next big thing for iphonex via @barronstechblog aapl lite
rt @bobpisani : s & amp ; p 500 spy just topped 20 trillion in assets . market cap of remaining 2,500 stocks in the russell 3000 : about 5 trilli
tesla hits highest prices since july 2015 , the month i started at marketwatch and `` ludicrous '' mode arrived .
i hope these 100+ trading rules help you how they 've helped me discipline matters fb twtr
caterpillar must have become a far more excellent company the past few years , given the stock 's impressive p/e expa
finally ... a profitable strategy. '' twtr twitter might reduce advertising products , according to techcrunch ``
cisco 's upcoming q2 earnings will likely highlight its global operations , particularly concerning china :
tesla could decide to tap capital markets as its shares rally , analyst says , by our @claudiassis33 tsla
rt @lisahopeking : live in 15 : talking aapl highs , nodapl with bep 's taboo & amp ; catching up with @parachutehome cheddarlive
apple shares hit new record , and verizon reveals unlimited data plan . watch : cheddarlive golive aapl vz
asian tech titans take a page from trump s book - the new york times baba
gene munster says apple is taking baby steps into augmented reality aapl
shares of apple were advancing 0.9 % as iphone 8 rumors continue to abound : aapl
we 're now joined by @cfraresearch 's angelo zino to discuss apple 's stellar day of trading . cheddarlive aapl
brady 's not the only comeback wonder . remember when aapl & amp ; tech sold off in november ? now we 're talking
red-hot apple shares are on track to take out a closing high set two years ago via @jswartz
allergan 's chief r & amp ; d officer talks avycaz , assembly biosciences and 6 'potential blockbusters ' in the pipeline agn
tsla we will talk tonight on @cnbcfastmoney 90.4 9d rsi is the highest level in its trading history
lnkd always adds so much value
apple shares close at all-time high h/t @msabalakrishnan aapl
chesapeake settles with estate of former ceo aubrey mcclendon , dropping 445m damage claim . via @ailworth chk
record high closing price for apple aapl stock 133.29 ... record intraday high still 134.54 from apr 28 , 2015
definitely check out my free and free bookmark them all asap fb twtr
rt @goldmansachs : proud to be named the 1 fcmostinnovative finance co by @fastcompany thanks to gs ' online lending platform @marcus
. @cfraresearch says one reason for apple 's surge is the upcoming iphone , which will have features that excite consu
nvidia has beat the street in every quarter since 2011 ; how do rivals measure up ? nvda amba amd intc
proud to be named the 1 fcmostinnovative finance co by @fastcompany thanks to gs ' online lending platform @marcus
people really , really like owning shares of apple aapl
tim cook says augmented reality will be as big for technology as the smartphone was , may come with iphone 8 :
record high for apple helps push the s & amp ; p 500 past 20 trillion aapl spy
rt @evanmedeiros : s & amp ; p500 pushing through the upper bollinger band as it rallies higher for the fourth day in a row spy spx trading
good lesson on share buybacks : aapl hit all time high in share price today , but fewer shares means 700b market ca
tsla the beautiful moves that turned a risky strategy into a gigantic winner -- with less risk .
breaking : amzn now uses the .aws top level domain for their products . game changer ! also something about some han
sunny optical : macquarie sees another 50 % upside via @barronsasia 2382.hk aapl
2 more wallstreet pros check in on costco stock cost
the iphone 8 is rumoured to be getting 2 radical changes that will boost battery life aapl
iwm had a big 3 day move . if u sold 139ish with me yesterday . today perhaps we can buyback 137.50ish with yesterday 's pivot low at 138.09
spy up for five sessions from 229.71 breakout . holding 232ish keeps momentum intact . even 231.30 is fine . pivot resistance 233.07
spx futures -2 after five rally days . an inside day would be healthy . holding 2318-2321 keeps momentum intact . pivot resistance 2331
good morning . mixed markets around the world . europe flattish but keeps yesterday 's big gains . in asia the nikkei-1.1 % , shanghai+.05 % spx-2
here 's the first trailer for apple 's reality tv show 'planet of the apps ' aapl
thanks to everyone who joined for this , some great insights on goog and fb
shares of aapl closing at a record high yesterday apple stocks @simonettilauren
apple exec promises big things for company 's first-ever original series aapl
git jiggy w/ it , spy still hanging out at highs , probably select names gon na rock out . stay in the right names or
live at 9:30am on yellen speech preview + aapl shares hit record high @emilystewartm
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet tsla amzn aapl
rt @vicrek : chart of the day : goldman 's stock is within spitting distance of its 2007 peak gs
chart of the day : goldman 's stock is within spitting distance of its 2007 peak gs
rt @tradingnation : here are some mind-blowing stats about apple s incredible run aapl via @cnbcdiaz
here are some mind-blowing stats about apple s incredible run aapl via @cnbcdiaz
20 trillion tuesday - s & amp ; p 500 's mind-blowing valuation xom oil slw svu ctsh qcom
guess tsla not done at 280
here are some mind-blowing stats about apple s incredible run : aapl
stocks start a little lower . it 's actually good news to get rid of flynn . tesla t-mobile and sands moving higher . tsla lvs tmus
amazing how cnbc knows the precise reason for all market movements . yesterday , aapl was up because a new iphone will ship in 7 months .
rt @liamdenning : tesla now within 2.5 % of all-time intraday peak tsla
rt @thedomino : after 32 record s & amp ; p 500 highs yest , we 've got 9 new records in early trading today , incl : home depot hd marriott mar rayth
nvda nice opp this morning
after 32 record s & amp ; p 500 highs yest , we 've got 9 new records in early trading today , incl : home depot hd marriott mar raytheon rtn etc
rt @scottbudman : as of this moment , apple is a 701 billion dollar company . aapl
stocks to watch : mat hooks up with baba , aet , hum call off merger , gm may sell european division
tesla now within 2.5 % of all-time intraday peak tsla
@sanglucci bac seeing a lotta love here @wallstjesus some c in there too :
banks getting bid from this as well . bac gs jpm
hawkish . see if banks keep initial reflex up . bac needs to hold 23.50 now
.. @mattel and @alibabagroup have joined forces in china to tackle the 7b toy market . mat baba
goldman sachs all-time high if we close here gs
nvda what great entries on wash outs this am unreal opp along with amd today !
rt @brady_fbn : . @goldmansachs stock on pace for record close , trading above prev record 247.92 on 10/31/07 . gs up 37 % since trumpelection
. @goldmansachs stock on pace for record close , trading above prev record 247.92 on 10/31/07 . gs up 37 % since trumpelection . @foxbusiness
rt @valaafshar : apple 's market cap at 707 billion . aapl
this is y bac was a focus . look at 3 month channel . it went above & amp ; stayed above 23.54 - ( hawkish ) is what we want
cisco 's john chambers told cnbc that the world is going digital and the us needs to focus on digitization : csco
gone up non-stop from the mid-teens since i recommended mu and i think you should recognize that
watch the two trailers for apple music s new original shows , planet of the apps and carpool karaoke - aapl
fed chief yellen 's hawkish tone lifts bond yields , bank stocks bac jpm gs wfc
aapl looks to raise 1 billion in second taiwanese bond sale
aapl 's eddy @cue - `` we saw this an an opportunity to do some new & amp ; creative things that have n't been done before ''
after setting new highs , markets prepare for a date with yellen spy xrt aapl csco pep khc wmt
apple 's love affair with wall street is back . aapl
rt @microfundy : roses are red violets are blue aapl just hit an all time high media folks , you know what to do fintwitvalentines
aapl at a record , but still 9.4 % below it 's all-time high market cap of 775b , due to share buybacks . ( h/t @berthacoombs , @humonthemarkets )
another record : apple notches a new all-time intraday high aapl tech techtuesday
new all-time high for apple ! 134.70 . ( may be higher by time i finish this tweet . ) aapl up 1 %
theeeere it is aapl
and yes ... apple aapl did hit a record high intraday stock price ... 134.59 so far today is the new benchmark
yahoo page on aapl as it reached all-time high :
the s & amp ; p is at more all time highs ... flynntastic spy
rt @halftimereport : apple hits new all-time high aapl breaking
apple hits new all-time high aapl breaking
it 's been years since trillion market cap aapl headlines , surely more to come if this baby keeps climbing .
goldman stock just passed its closing high , and is 0.5 % off its intraday high . both set halloween 2007 . gs
less than 2 years since it debuted the feature , facebook is now no . 1 in live streaming fb twtr goog
rt @bzawards : @peerstreet : enabling real estate investors to reach previously inaccessible asset classes atvi ea 
aapl apple video will humiliate the skeptics again my take via @cnnmoney
apple 's chart remains bullish , pro explains aapl
goldman sachs shares are up 79 % since last june and 37 % since election . on track for 1st record close since oct 2007 gs
valeant 's stock having one of its best days of 2017 vrx
apple hits intraday record high for first time since 2015 aapl
shopify receives price-target boost ahead of q4 earnings : shop amzn fb tsla ge
rt @cnbcnow : twitter ceo dorsey purchased nearly 426,000 shares of twtr worth about 7m between feb 13 and 14 - filing
twitter ceo dorsey purchased nearly 426,000 shares of twtr worth about 7m between feb 13 and 14 - filing
just in : twitter ceo jack dorsey buys 425,998 shares of company 's common stock twtr
rt @valaafshar : apple 's market cap is at 715 billion . only 18 countries have a larger gdp than aapl market cap .
rt @wsjtech : facebook announces launch of television app . fb
spy broke above 229.71 last week and has tacked on five sessions of gains . upper support is now 232.16 . pivot ath resistance is 233.71
spx futures +2 tacking follow thru gains after last week 's breakout above 2297. now we have upper support at 2322 , with pivot ath 2337
rt @biuk_tech : twitter ceo jack dorsey bought 7 million in stock after its value dropped dramatically twtr
good morning . mostly green arrows around the world . in europe , dax+.46 % cac+.41 % ftse+.47 % . in asia the nikkei+1.03 % hk+1.2 % spx futs+2
in report today , jeff osborne previews tsla earnings
dorsey s valentine to twitter investors : a 7 million investment . twtr
12 stocks you should be watching today aig amat bg pep csco hun fosl ntap cbs grpn esrx mar
so * dorsey sold 74k twtr stocks for 3m in june 2015 @~ 47 * dorsey bought 425k twtr stocks for 6m in feb 2017 @~ 16
rt @jowens510 : the twitter ceo is still a believer : @jack has spent 7 million buying twtr stock in the past two days .
amzn shocker : delivers vday roses on feb 15 , buys me off w/ flowers . shares up ~12 % ytd .
as @goldmansachs gs cruises to new highs , shareholders can thank lloyd blankfein 's bold bet on the firm 's tried ...
rt @philipvandoorn : these 20 companies have met a high bar this earnings season fb amzn nvda regn atvi
rt @bobtannous : csx seeks shareholder input on activist investor s requests csx via @wsj corpgov activistinvesto
worth noting that half of the record highs set in early s & amp ; p 500 trading today are in financials sector xlf kbe kre
22 record highs in s & amp ; p 500 in early trading , incl : apple aapl jpmorganchase jpm unitedhealth unh marriott mar progressive pgr etc
got some perkiness to the airlines this morning , luv sweepers saw a sweet move :
berkshire hathaway ramped up apple bet ahead of historic rally aapl via @wsj
when you drive a tesla and own its stock . tsla is about 3.5 % away from its all-time highs :
facebook announces launch of television app . fb via @wsj
amazon added one more notable product to its cloud software lineup by launching chime : amzn
rt @optionsaction : is copper still king ? here 's why the current cheap valuation may be a mirage via @michael_khouw fcx copper
tech today : apple 's new high , oleds all around , defending logm aapl oled amzn googl vi
smart money has been making moves in this gild . they caught the move on the downside , and positioned great b4 toda
uber tesla bull ron baron thinks his investment will quadruple in 3 years tsla
verizon and yahoo nearing agreement on price cut : reports vz , yhoo
facebook push into video allows time to catch up on ai applications : fb msft googl amzn aapl sne nflx
billionaire ron baron expects mind-boggling returns from elon musk-led tesla tsla
why one apple expert says to look beyond the iphone @melodyhahm aapl
here 's a midday news update : twtr pg bac big movers today , pep earnings @cheddar cheddarlive ( bonus : watch me
iwm not as extended as other sectors . high low today and now back at highs
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` investor sentiment study : careful using indicators in isolation '' by @markarbeter spy
the djia spx comp have n't done this all at the same time in 25 years
some big earnings after the close today . cbs mar khc amat . and csco . but cisco call is not the same w/o john chambers saying caysh !
google 5.5m zombie cookie settlement gets final approval | bloomberg bna googl privacy
wall street expects cisco to earn 56 cents per share on 11.55 billion in sales : csco
cowen 's derrick wood publishes takeaways from the data warehousing institute conference msft data tdc . @snowflakedb
rt @stocktwits : when you drive a tesla and own its stock . tsla is about 3.5 % away from its all-time highs :
twitter is one of five stocks insiders really love right now twtr
rt @lisahopeking : here 's a midday news update : twtr pg bac big movers today , pep earnings @cheddar cheddarlive ( bonus : watch me fight
in the first quarter fiscal 2015 , whole foods reported a 4.5 % same-store sales figure . last year it was -1.8 % wfm
nakul duggal , vp product management , automotive @qualcomm giving his keynote at the qcom pre- mwc17 event
back on tv ! this time with @jonerlichman and @adenaaneesaali talking about twtr 's earnings , the hashtag , and trump .
. @fastcompany calls gs a formidable new player in the consumer banking market
steve brown , sr. dir . product management @qualcomm giving his rffe update at the qcom pre- mwc17 event in san die
for music lovers who download rather than stream , itunes still reigns supreme aapl p
with nearly 800 million invested in the stock , apple remains david einhorn 's top investment :
15 steps to get started with stock trading this infographic makes it simple fb twtr
amazon is set to rule the fintech game : andreessen horowitz vc | amzn fintech
iwm 2 month breakout to an all time high and ... . just 60 % avg daily volume stinkiepoo
jim silver of ttpm says concerns about mat are overblown . new ceo coming in from googl . barbie , fisher-price still doing reasonably well .
flat bac . nice swing trade from last thursday . i will re-visit .
seeing a lot of penny-garbage moving . that 's usually late-late cycle stuff . spx ndx
today 's tech earnings highlight is cisco , coming off another big software buy . when will these deals pay off ? csco
today s stocks winners : yhoo , luv , fig
gs ' heather bellini shares her outlook for tech stocks at gstech2017 with @carolinehydetv cc : @bloombergtv
earnings : cisco systems q2 eps 0.57 adj . vs. 0.56 est . ; q2 revs . 11.58b vs. 11.56b est . csco
great work by @wakko_tm who takes the win for csco beating 223 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
csco reports fq2 earnings of 57c eps and 11.58b revs -
rt @vixandmore : over 1 million spx put contracts traded today . buyers not particularly price sensitive , hence the vix spike
csco results are out . eps of 0.57 beats a 0.56 consensus . revenue of 11.58b slightly above an 11.55b consensus
breaking : cisco systems csco q2 revenue , 11.58b vs. 11.55b expected
cisco earnings live blog going on now ! follow along for real time analysis csco
aapl is nearly 12 % in the last 11 sessions , to close at fresh record .
use any pullbacks in restaurant stocks to add exposure : baird bwld cake mcd habt wing jack pnra sbux zoes
breaking : marriott intl mar q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) beats estimates , 0.85 vs. 0.84 expected
qqq rsi over 80 but keeps going up , ath w/ mm to 130 above , support 128.5/127.75/126.5/125
aapl the trick to buying calls in apple that crushes it
cisco reports q2 beat , raises dividend csco
rt @bespokeinvest : s & amp ; p 500 now at 47 consecutive trading days without a 1 % move : spy 
last time djia spx comp had a record streak this long the elder bush was president & amp ; yeltsin was the russians 's
quarterly dividend hiked by 0.03 to 0.29/share . implies a 3.6 % forward yield @ericjhonsa csco live blog :
spy had a powerful breakout above 229.71 with many nice days of follow thru . now see if it holds 233.50ish . pivot ath resistance 235.14
cisco , mcdonald 's , red hat , united continental : @cnbcfastmoney picks for february 16 csco mcd rht ual
rt @hsilverb : the spx bull market will be 8 years old on march 9 , that is 126 in human years , as its annualized return is 16.97 % & amp ; 19.40 %
brk.a increased its equity exposure from 129b to 148b , adding positions in aapl , aal , dal , and ual warrenbuffett
dragonfly capital : waves building higher in the russell 2000 - or why 1650 is not out of the question.. iwm
rt @zortrades : frank zorrilla : gold looks ready to go jnug nugt
top moroccan businessman talks return to african union , opportunities for economic expansion spy tlt gld gulf
shares of alibaba have managed to rebound more than 17 % , outperforming the s & amp ; p 500 by a factor of four :
apple investment strategies : as icahn sells , buffett and einhorn load up aapl
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet csco twx
live : starbucks sbux testing affogato a scoop of ice cream drowned in espresso -
waves building higher in the russell 2000 iwm
marriott 's q4 results could lift the entire lodging category higher mar
i 'm with the swiss tsla
rt @callieabost : spx has risen the past 7 days , but vix is +0.6 in that same period . first time vix has been up during a 7-day win strea
amzn with time looks set up to take out all time highs and reach 2017 targets-
3 reasons warren buffett is buying apple stock , via kiplinger aapl brk.b
rt @srussolillo : ubs on tesla : `` tsla shares are up ~50 % since nov , but we see no fundamental reason driving the run-up . '' tsla
aapl is sitting near a new record high on news that warrenbuffett almost quadrupled his investment firms stake in the the company
ubs on tesla : `` tsla shares are up ~50 % since nov , but we see no fundamental reason driving the run-up . '' tsla
shares of yhoo are hovering near a intraday 52-week high on news that the company is approaching a revised deal with vz
rt @hedgeyehwp : today at 11am are updating our long deck on wfm . do n't underestimate what can happen when the founder takes charge again !
8 ways to become a better trader always be looking to get better fb twtr
cisco helps wall street extend streak of record highs csco
facebook unveils new video experience fb
facebook unveils new video experience fb by @biintelligence
some stocks to keep an eye on today : csco khc twx antm
ron baron , uber tesla bull , thinks his investment will quadruple by 2020 tsla
cisco stock inches up on fiscal second-quarter earnings release . csco
we see significant upside . wfm 's john mackey is taking control , slowing store growth , focusing on costs , cash flow .
apple shares slumped 30 % from its prior record back in 2015 , but are now up 17 % year-to-date : aapl
not selling to fb for 3b a few years ago is about to pay off very well for @snap .
our new amzn stock price prediction shows the e-commerce stock will continue to outperform traditional retailers
trump tax cut could slash wallstreet 's tax bill by 12 billion . talk about happiness @yalman_onaran wfc jpm c
sucker bets : volatility etns keep attracting assets uvxy vxx
new apple tv with 4 times the resolution of hi-def could come this year , report says - aapl
rt @hedgeyefood : wfm capex reset , consumer centric initiatives , reflation trade , john mackey back in the drivers seat long @hedgeye
great @jimcramer interview with @anthonynoto `` why am i not paying for this ? '' `` we should not be part of the cable bundle '' twtr
watch out linkedin , facebook is in the jobs market fb msft
paypal acquires tio in bill pay push pypl
paypal acquires tio in bill pay push pypl by @biintelligence
rates in focus as futures market points to growing odds and fed hawkish csco de aapl fb spy uso vxx
wedbush 's steve koenig on @salesforce crm : expect a solid 4q to set the stage for further appreciation '' . salesforce
rt @scottgamm : warren buffett 's berkshire hathaway quadrupled its stake in apple @thestreet aapl
now that 's what i call a rundown ! @squawkalley teases upcoming segments w/ kate upton , house spkr paul ryan , marriott mar ceo arne sorenson
warren buffett 's berkshire hathaway quadrupled its stake in apple @thestreet aapl
hedgetv with @mayaichung : after being sold off by soros in 4th quarter , gld is seeing a comeback hedgefunds
facebook 's revenue growth rate 50x that of twitter fb twtr cc @statistacharts
let the market do a little price discovery . as of now . spy held above 233.39 ( yesterday 's low ) similar to tuesday .
qqq trading options in nasdaq can be very profitable , very fast
gs there is a win in goldman sachs options right now -- and it 's growing
cisco systems reaches highest level since november 2007 csco
barclays : why the s & amp ; p 500 should trade at a higher multiple than the historical average spx spy
good call by @riskreversal , cisco is now at new highs csco
. @jimcramer on twitter - `` it is more valuable than almost anything else i get and yet i get it for free '' twtr
twitter s grammys pre-show stream had 5.1 mm unique viewers , more than any nfl game aided by highlighting `` live '' via new explore tab twtr
auto union president : organizing at tesla depends on workers tsla
would you buy twtr here ?
rt @silviaascarelli : the real investment message from a president 's first 100 days : value stocks spx ive
here 's how to build a great portfolio : let this infographic that i made show you how fb twtr
rt @optionsaction : good call by @riskreversal , cisco is now at new highs csco
gs how to get _aggressively_ long goldman in options for a bet on deregulation and manage risk
here are today s top 5 etf volume leaders : vxx , spy , xlf , jnug , nugt etfs listings
ebay calming down after massive call buys earlier in the week @wallstjesus
ibm 's watson-powered voice assistant is built for security pros : ibm
an apple a day keeps buffett rich . aapl brka brkb
how much of the vix jump is due to expectations of risk coming down with spx slip vs futures contract roll ?
look how twitter has finally made it easy for users to find trending `` live '' video on the new `` explore '' tab twtr
bac think banks are gon na run ? -- long weekly calls for the last two-years has been a huge winner learn more :
rt @timothysykes : this was a great q & amp ; a webinar study up fb twtr
now would be a good time to revisit the infrastructure spending / fiscal stimulus discussed on the campaign trail . the spx would like that
twitter is looking at ways to make money beyond ads , said coo noto - twtr
auto union courts tesla workers , amplifies 'buy american ' message - tsla
tsla the beautiful option strategy that turned into a gigantic winner -- with less risk .
aapl what little bit of finesse can do , even for the most aggressive bullish option strategy
cisco 's sales may have declined for five straight quarters . but analysts say hold onto shares : csco
apple is prepping a set-top that supports 4k video playback and `` more vivid colors '' aapl
have stagnating corporate profits finally turned a corner in asia ? gs research thinks so :
reflation & amp ; corporate profit upswing drive gs research s constructive asia equity outlook :
watch : why the outlook for asian equities remains constructive , per gs research :
3 reasons why wall street wants you to fail learn how to succeed instead fb twtr
why twitter thinks business is about to rebound via @barronsnext twtr
yes , bank stocks are doing well . but these are the top stocks of 2017 : arnc +58 % nrg nrg energy +40 % csx corp. +
tbt gk advisor francine lai says facebook is a stock you can count on for the next 50 years ! find out why
tesla ceo elon musk says almost all new cars will be self-driving within 10 years : tsla
rt @qtrresearch : probes reporter says confirmed undisclosed sec investigation at tsla 's solar city unit . well worth a sub :
aapl there is demand for the apple car my take via @cnnmoney
crude goes crazy redhead while the spy just watched ... | steel your girl | @wallstjesus
chinese techs surging . ntes up 14 % after earnings . wb , aka china 's twtr , up 2 % . all-time high . twtr , by the way , not at all-time high .
today s stocks winners : csco , sfly , kate
live : bear vs. bull - @seanansmith has the latest on tsla
rt @lamonicabuzz : chinese techs surging . ntes up 14 % after earnings . wb , aka china 's twtr , up 2 % . all-time high . twtr , by the way , not
amzn stock gained another 0.17 % -- and looks to push even higher
nice consolidation day ! good close.. all about the mistakes in trading i am seeing every day , tonight @madmoneyoncnbc & amp ; twtr-noto !
one of the great things to emerge from the '08 crisis is j . @reformedbroker brown -- here on warrenbuffett and aapl
um , @amazon ? tens of millions of prime users is pretty vague . could you narrow it down ? you did ? thanks ! amzn
aapl surprise : the public wants an apple car -- more than anything else my take via @cnnmoney and @yahoofinance
if you trade options -- understand 'edge , ' and how to find it . then you win , forever . example ( bac ) here :
when the luminary returns great things happen ... wfm jobs ( apple ) ... mackey ( whole foods )
the rumours keeps on coming : amzn said to have wrapped up dd with a formal offer for @souq expected in the next couple of weeks .
if u sold strength in tsla or when it broke the 276 pivot . the 258ish area is a good spot to look to buy it back . entries & amp ; exits matter
rt @_seandavid : 1 ) s & amp ; p near record high rsi over the last 7 years . spx
bank of america , cisco , priceline : @cnbcfastmoney picks for february 17 bac csco pcln spy
2/2 here is msft blog on their remarkable , multidimensional hc push cc @dnanexus h/t @nversel
@fortunemagazine i 'm still a blackberry fan bbry
zuckerberg 's goal : remake a world facebook helped create fb
good . credit where due : tesla is setting the bar on this stuff , and they re setting it high . tsla
in the hunt for a megablockbuster , celgene plans fda filing in wake of phiii win for ozanimod in ms celg
apple 's record run in 2017 beefs up its already bloated market cap aapl twtr goog
rt @jmac_si : looking forward to chatting w/ @adamfeuerstein at 2 . celg ms catalyst convo is more interesting now ! join us here :
new longer term trade here fb twtr peeps !
seriously delinquent u.s. auto loans surge : gm f tsla
a healthy portion of this 10 percent spx rally since the election is attributable to expectations for tax and fiscal spending policies
@thealexbente we 're hoping we can get in again under 100 . i 'm holding nvda a long time .
a clear and sunny forecast for salesforce 's q4 on expected cloud strength crm
giving the pullback in nflx another chance , added mar 24 exp 140/135 1x2 ps for 6c credit
amzn how to trade calls in amazon to optimize returns
bank of america ceo brian moynihan gets a raise but still no cash bonus bac charobs
prime subscriptions now appear to account for over 4 % of amazon 's revenue : amzn
most active options : wmt stake in jd , mgm , amzn drones , fb using ai to fight terrorism , aapl @marleykayden
dragonfly capital top 10 weekly performance pzza abt nwbi wgo and more spy
rt @dividendmaster : if amzn can stay at triple digit pe no matter how many single digit pe sectors it enters , then eventually it will
the earnings growth rate for spx for q4 is 4.6 % , above the estimate of 3.1 % on dec. 31 .
rt @cnbcfastmoney : just in time for the nba all-star game this weekend , @timseymour thinks nke is a layup
its getting hot in here ... - aapl chart
investing action plan : tesla 's q4 & amp ; model 3 update ; mobileye , home depot , acacia earnings due
cisco 's invisible billion dollar product line is ucss ( swss ) - all recurring revenue and growing fast csco
53 % of spx companies have beat sales estimates to date for q4 , equal to the 5-year average ( 53 % ) .
@brianfires that is good . the ruane cuniff goldfarb people are friends of mine . very nice people . they have exited vrx .
cot : grains oil spur near three-year buying high by ole hansen oil gld slv
the djia is up 4.02 % since inauguration day ; the dow 's best first 30 days of any president 's first term since taft
wall street 's biggest whale is loving airlines aal dal ual luv
dragonfly capital - 5 trade ideas for tuesday : cbsh crus mkc ulta unp spy
aapl simply betting that apple stock would n't go down a lot has been a beautiful winner
qqq using options in nasdaq-100 to find and execute on edge means being better than the crowd ... and a huge win
vxx this is _exactly_ how to use a stop loss in option trading win
rt @fhoro : third best performing s & amp ; p 500 stock ytd after nrg csx
the 17 best lessons to remember in 2017 let 's make this year the best year yet fb twtr
amazon 's echo & amp ; alphabet 's google home could soon replace the smartphone as a means to make calls : amzn googl
whether or not any are aimed directly at tsla , it s increasingly clear that there are more bevs in gm s product p
10 short selling basics to know study this closely fb twtr
check out my best student in 2016 he 's come a long way and just had a baby too ! fb twtr
whatsapp is the latest app to add snapchat-like features - fb copy the original idea for fb and just keep doing it
rt @russellrhoads : last week vix was up 5 % and spx rose 1.5 % - here 's the following week 's performance the other 13 times this has happen
google and microsoft agree to demote piracy search results in the uk googl msft
mining giant bhp billiton earnings surge 687 % ; dividend hiked 150 % bhp rio fcx
mark zuckerberg is n't running a political campaign for elected office . he 's running a campaign for users ' trust fb
wal-mart q4 earnings top as comps , online sales jump wmt tgt m amzn
boeing , monsanto , nike , salesforce : fast money picks for february 21 ba crm mon nke
fascinating how every new fb product update 's billed as a `` snapchat clone '' new : whatsappstatus gets 24hrs videos
srpt 8k says gild was the buyer of the priority review voucher .
gld does well when usd and rates are falling
friday 's sweep to peak ( intraday ) tmus +162 % mar +60 % mat +76 % cf +52 % s +14 %
pivot levels for week of 2/21 spy qqq iwm ibb
rt @rickcarew : baidu raises more than 1.5 billion for video-streaming site bidu
rt @wrigleytom : mbly ll fslr rdus once splk fit iphs jcp idcc tsla sina wb ctrp sq clvs bmrn cotv tree fl bidu jack 
small caps still look constructive iwm follow up
why more firms should adopt the facebook bereavement policy fb
5 trade ideas for tuesday : cbsh crus mkc ulta unp
76 % of all s & amp ; p 500 stocks are trading above their 50-day moving average right now : spy voo
verizon revises deal with yahoo to 4.48 billion via @reuters vz yhoo
spx futures up 4 to start the week- use 2351 as today 's pivot to see if we stay above- or not !
who says bank stocks don t have room to run ? adafx fcb cfg bac
rt @cnntech : but the new terms should be a welcome relief to @yahoo investors . yhoo vz
but the new terms should be a welcome relief to @yahoo investors . yhoo vz
tech stocks surge : fb amzn googl aapl nflx
morgan stanley upping aapl price target to 154 based on bullishness in china - supercycle , higher retention , more
their scale & amp ; financial resources make for a big-time competitive advantage . allocate capital effectively & amp ; they 'll
verizon will pay 350 million less for yahoo 's operating business vz yhoo
breaking : all-time spy and nasdaq highs as us growth and inflation accelerate
@hedgeye check out the breakdown ( high beta sector vs. low beta sector ) year-to-date : -financials , xlf : +5.3 % -utilities , xlu : +2.1 %
rt @frankmottek : breakingnews stocks move to higher all time highs dow up 84 to 20,708 @cbsla @knx1070 @knxfrank aapl +.56 to 136.28
terrific tuesday - market comes back with higher highs dia ibm hrb slw hedging --
stocks start higher . after all . it 's a bull market . new highs . nice moves higher in tesla and nvidia . autonomous kings rally . tsla nvda
technicals always more important . buy pivot for amzn was 818 ( into eps gap ) or 845- 847 break out . or ur an inve
i did not buy it . but some are asking if nvda was a rdr friday . it did reclaim the 105.66 pivot . so yes . and if u kept a third . nice job !
amzn - amzn continues run -
apple pay could be expanding to germany and italy via @yahoofinance - aapl
spacex / tsla feelin it after the weekend launch . nice @elonmusk
list of fresh s & amp ; p 500 record highs is too long to post , but here is a sampling : amazon amzn home depot hd goldman sachs gs boeing ba etc
that trade was indeed a monster @wallytee winning najarianstrong rt @sindycindy : rockin ' that googl from last w
this pm is happy he owns hd jason benowitz of roosevelt investments joins me @nasdaq @voanews khc spx xlf
msft there is a magnificent opportunity in microsoft options right now
yeah , that 'll pay for a few ski trips , eh cindy ? : - ) @sindycindy rockin ' that googl from last week @jonnajarian tr
the world 's biggest miners are profit machines again aal bhp
tesla is worth nearly as much as ford . tesla reports earnings tomorrow tsla
`` eps beats and surprises are down sequentially , but remain solid '' - eric slover @barclays spx
facebook messenger now lets you send money with transferwise - bloomberg fb fintech
rt @lamonicabuzz : one of the hottest e-commerce companies is based in -- arkansas . walmart 's online business is booming . wmt amzn
one of the hottest e-commerce companies is based in -- arkansas . walmart 's online business is booming . wmt amzn
baba from the morning call did trigger above 101.75ish today . it 's acting better . it cleared the 102.15 pivot . next spot is 104.50
msft may have the edge on aapl when it comes to innovation
lots of blue chips in different sectors at all-time highs today . aapl jpm hd ebay v cag ba amzn cof dow brk.b gs qsr adbe hon
live q & amp ; a @2:30pm et join @hedgeyesnakeye for all things gaming , lodging & amp ; leisure discussing : lvs mpel mgm wynn
potential winners as smartphone screens get more stylish aapl amat oled glw lpl
online grocery sales set to surge , grabbing 20 percent of market by 2025 : amzn
ebay @all time high 1/26 : ebay set to complete 12-year breakout
amazon spends more on research & amp ; development than any company in the world - 1 amzn 2 googl 5 aapl 6 jnj
`` stocks are unstoppable ! '' - financial experts . s & amp ; p500 , dow & amp ; nasdaq climb wall of outrage to record highs . spx
the 175 acre apple park space ship is open in april . maybe they can get to work now on something new . aapl
the nasdaq has climbed higher for 18 of the last 22 sessions . over that time it 's also up roughly 5 % : qqq
amazon offers one-day discount after record harris poll result via @yahoofinance - amzn
tesla earnings preview : 5 things to expect when the company reports earnings this afternoon - tsla
fb pushin here , one to keep an eye on .
getem googl
whatsapp now has its own stories clone fb
whatsapp now has its own stories clone fb by @biintelligence
brian moynihan 's performance-based pay is well within reach . time to raise the bar at bank of america ? @bfly bac
rt @malibuinvest : my baba wawa breaking out
7 commodity winners in electric car revolution tsla glncy emergingmarkets lithium copper @barronsonline
tsla a look at tesla powerwall ownership after 1 year as second generation is coming : 92 % savings on utility bill
fit reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.06 eps and +10.05m revs compared to ws
stocks going positive ahead of mn state high school hockey tournament . spx
stockalert : shares of facebook are up more than 1 % and hitting an all-time high . fb
concentrated nibbling here . bac
facebook shares hit all-time high via @msabalakrishnan fb
facebook at new all time highs . up a few more points . love it . fb
fb at all-time high . up 2 % . not a good sign for snap ahead of its ipo , right ? investors betting fb , whatsapp , instagram crushes snap ?
rt @charliebilello : s & amp ; p 500 : 90 straight trading days without a 1 % decline , longest streak since 2006 . spx
here 's the new starbucks store that may hold the key to conquering coffee king 's biggest problem
tesla ticks higher ahead of earnings tsla
msft turning a short put on its head -- and then a win
why paypal can fend off apple pay and other digitalpayments challengers . pypl aapl
rt @canuck2usa : nflx new highs on day
popular among retail for sure . amd nvda
rt @optionsaction : why tesla could surge to new highs on earnings tsla
yhoo sold to vz for 4.48b mayer spent 2.8b on m & amp ; a during her tenure final price tag for the core yahoo website ex-mayer 's m & amp ; a : 1.68b
msft this is easily one of the best examples of how to trade options in this market .
nke flow feelin it today
. @jimcramer takes a look at the day 's biggest stocks ahead of earnings after the bell : tsla fit sq
netflix has oscar potential in sight amzn nflx
internet of things = investments of tomorrow . but are the recent winners good buys for you today ? amzn nvda swks
if 2.8b spent on m & amp ; a used for stock buybacks at avg cost of 30/share , yhoo 's stock price today would likely be 16 % higher , & gt ; 53/share
weekly tsla 275 straddle trading 17.80 implies 6.5 % move up or down thru friday
rt @electrekco : tesla tsla could be a 1 trillion company by the end of the next decade , says billionaire investor ron baron
tsla has been on a three month tear
. @arkinvest 's tasha keeney says tesla is far ahead of other autonomous carmakers in terms of data and commercializa
when jan & amp ; feb are positive , what could happen to spx ? wildcard wed. on the morning huddle 2-22-17 investools
with u.s. national debt about to hit 20 trillion , gold may make more headlines . gld
nvda the powerful option strategy nobody sees -- but everybody should
tesla tsla is now considering up to *five* gigafactories .
tesla says it began manufacturing model 3 prototypes in *early* february , and has already conducted positive initial crash testing . tsla
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : hp inc. q1 eps 0.38 adj . vs. 0.37 est . ; q1 revs . 12.68b vs. 11.84b est . hpq shares up 1 % after-hrs
tesla says later this year expects to finalize locations for 'gigafactories 3 , 4 and possibly 5 ' tsla
tsla so far all positive .
wow . tsla plans to finalize 4 to 5 gigafactories in 2017 ( they includes buffalo solar plant as 2 )
rt @options : winning options in nvda by @ophirgottlieb
tsla beats on revenue 2.28b vs 2.18b but ...
good news for a jack dorsey company ! no . not twtr . square beat on sales . sq up 3 % after hours .
big day for stocks : dow cements its longest run of record closes in three decades djia
vix 11.67 , fb new record high , qvca & amp ; cree unusual activity @jonnajarian
tesla tsla +1.65 % a/h hit by us 85m solar city operating expenses tesla invested 522 million in capex for model
my initial takeaway : tesla is n't backing down one bit on model 3 timeline . if anything , this looks incrementally more aggressive tsla
big-bank citigroup stepping in to influence how trump may wipe away finance policy c
rt @corytv : breaking : @tesla free cashflow burn erupts to 970m . tsla
this afternoon 's winner for hpq is jb818301 who beats 99 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
hpq reports inline with the estimize eps consensus and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 805.20m -
hpq reports fq1 earnings of 38c eps and 12.68b revs -
rt @tsrandall : wow . tsla plans to finalize 4 to 5 gigafactories in 2017 ( they includes buffalo solar plant as 2 )
5 gigafactories ? first up & amp ; running . second soon in buffalo . but tsla planning to finalize locations for two , maybe three , more this year .
tesla beats q4 sales estimates , global orders up 49 % tsla
tesla 's battery biz enjoyed huge growth in q4 : sales of 131m+ , up from ~ 23m in the third quarter . tsla
breaking : @tesla sees investing 2b- 2.5b ahead of model 3 . tsla
tesla plans to *double* north american supercharger locations in 2017. here 's how they did last year tsla
breaking : @tesla free cashflow burn erupts to 970m . tsla
record high orders for the model s and model x. tesla says model 3 initial production to begin in july . tsla still up 2 % after hours .
rt @jimcramer : happening now ! @thestreet 's live coverage of tsla earnings !
this afternoon 's winner for fit is analyst_3067195 who beats 228 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
happening now ! @thestreet 's live coverage of tsla earnings !
fit still a lot of support at 0 .
sina beats the estimize eps consensus by 13c and the estimize revenue consensus by 2.09m -
sina reports fq4 earnings of 63c eps and 310.82m revs -
the most accurate tsla estimate is from analyst_8377728 , beating 536 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
tsla shares edge higher ahead of 4q earnings call after saying model 3 volume production will start in sept .
tsla continues to wow -- despite lack of profits . but poor @elonmusk . still ca n't impress this guy . the unknown
fitbit sold 6.5 million devices in q4 despite earnings miss fit
rt @hsilverb : djia sets 9th consecutive closing high ( 3.6 % ) ; last run was 13 days of 1987 opening ( 11.0 % ) same year as the crash ( 10/19/1
tesla configuration for model 3 is probably 3-4 months away , musk says . tsla
rt @kevinkingsbury : 9th-straight record closing high for the dow industrials . that has n't happened since january 1987 ( 12 straight ) . djia
musk reiterates that tesla should be able to sell 500k cars in 2018 and 1 million in 2020 . `` that 's the most likely outcome . '' tsla
why gold can drift higher in trump s 2017 india china louney gld gold gdxj @rbc @barronsonline
walmart takes another shot at amazon and consumers get a win wmt amzn
what to watch : - dow on fire - @nordstrom earnings - @teslamotors gets a jolt tsla jwn
ctrip : profit margin at 2013 high ; morgan stanley raises price target via @barronsonline ctrp
china s weibo will soon have more users than twitter - twtr wb
rt @lamonicabuzz : googl market value is 580 billion . this google doodle justifies that imho . adorable ! give designer a raise ! and more st
googl market value is 580 billion . this google doodle justifies that imho . adorable ! give designer a raise ! and m
15b in aapl & amp ; fb amtd customers says @tdansherrod on @mariabartiromo . good content .
rt @kevinkingsbury : can speak first-hand that tsla vehicles are constant on the main island .
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures edge higher ahead of economic data fit hrl kss tsla nvda spy uso
rt @seeitmarket : speaking of big box stores , costco is trading well after coming out of this range . measured move = 200 tgt cost
i was up all night worried i might not get my model3 until fall . power went out ... wanted a power wall . then solar .
why one analyst is gaining confidence in tesla 's potential for profitability tsla
tesla says model 3 on track for volume production by september earnings tsla
arrs jack w bsx tsla lb nvda gappers for today
tesla , square , hp price targets raised after earnings ; nvidia faces key test tsla sq
solarcity cost tesla an earnings beat , but bull arguments now stronger than bear tsla
drink up for a buck ! mcd soft drinks 1 & amp ; mccafe drinks 2 ! frappes smoothies espresso mcdonalds @mcdonalds
fast long for a swing trade .
so far looks like was a good call to get out of tsla at 280 last week
tech breakthroughs take backseat in upcoming apple iphone launch aapl
spy call sweeps yesterday , follow through this am ; gld same deal ; vxx ... similar situation as well ? what a world !
setting up nicely here . let the speculation get out of the stock post earnings . wait to add . good opportunity coming . tsla nvda
amzn amazon is running a coupon code to thank customers - check it :
analyst on telsa : 'are you generating real returns on capital ? ' - tsla
@rampcapitalllc aapl perfect for driving ! airpods
tesla 's earnings report was good enough to keep the believers believing - tsla
prime booze : amazon gets a liquor license - amzn
mcd continues to climb . stalking all-time highs . watching closely .
sq up 12 % today following earnings . maybe square should buy twitter ? jack bailing out jack ? sarcasm twtr
tesla 's market cap = almost as big as ford 's ... and other fun tesla stuff post-earns :
got some real selling going on today . nvidia is getting to that interesting point . see if you can get it under 100 . sit tight . nvda
some of these moves are crazy off this little spy dip ... if it 's a sign ... oh baby this is going to be fun
soon you might be able to buy concert tickets on amazon . amzn
tsla ytd vwap 251.85 seems likely on this move , that is potential level support will b battled for
bidu reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.14 eps and +96.71m revs compared to ws
jhonsa says the tsla believers heard enough to keep believing -- here 's my take :
rt @cecileva : traders flock to this supercharged gold bet that 's returned 180 % in two months : jnug , gld , gdx @ed
on set recording exchanges : gs ' sheila patel on how esg investing in asia has evolved :
heatmap showing a bit of pink , stay alert ! @wallstjesus spy vxx
wow a filled qqq gap . i 'm getting goosebumps ...
@lsatpro123 this market is built for it x too ... amd was great this am on downside nvda looking to scale long later feeler so far
spx 8day is 2347ish . which we were very extended from . it 's good to re-fresh back to it . 21day is also considered a strong spot 2321
@markleibman yup . we love it . get those speculators out so investors can get a good price . tsla
s & amp ; p hits all-time high : fslr hpq rig endp
dow hits all-time high : vz xom ba cvx
tesla says model 3 on track for volume production by september tsla
inovio jumps after announcing successful zika , mers vaccine studies ino
7 commodity winners in electric car revolution tsla glncy emergingmarkets lithium
spy held above the weekly support pivot by a penny .
rt @foxbusiness : tesla says model 3 on track for volume production by september tsla
amazon has applied for a liquor license for its drive-through grocery store in seattle :
us stocks start mixed as energy companies bounce back hpq mro read here
garmin defies market sentiment with across-the-board strength in q4 fit grmn
airbnb vs. accor : the battle for luxury rental market supremacy expe h mar pcln
fb deal with major league baseball is latest sign of streaming things to come
rt @cheddar : midday hits with @lisahopeking : the dow 's continued surge and updates on square , nvidia , and telsa . cheddarlive djia sq n
streaming a game a week on facebook stands to benefit both mlb and fox : foxa fb
nvda be nice if mid to low 90s flush after a gap down tomorrow for reversal lovethisrange
facebook will begin placing ads in the middle of videos posted by publishers : fb
tesla 's 2016 in review : from model 3 to gigafactory and acquisitions tsla cc @elonmusk
somewhat ignored but historically a strong catalyst for spx appreciation : rising profit margins ! 8.7 % now vs. 8.1 %
financials perky jpm gs c
`` plug power plug business update at 10:00 et `` i can hardly wait .
i joined @afterthebell breaking down tsla tesla s quarterly earnings report.check out the video here :
earnings preview : salesforce q4 2017 crm
tesla : bear vs. bull case rests on model 3 , capital structure tsla
. @apple 's next iphone may map your face with a 3d camera . photography apple aapl
steve madden a shoe-in for growth with amazon distribution , fast-turn business model amzn shoo
. @morganstanley thinking on putting a few hundred people in either dublin or frankfurt to begin brexit moves ms
rt @marcus : good read by @forbes on the launch of gs marcus and what it means for the future of banking
how to earn a monthly income with ebay stock ... ebay
size iwm vertical spread trade @jonnajarian
it rolls on : the dow just posted its 10th straight record close . djia
the market is closed now so it 's study time , see how to make 500 in a few minutes cool stuff fb twtr
high five to tsla shorts another 100 fade and you break even minus all borrow and margin fees : )
sbux also up on the day -- could be a safe haven ( long ) . here is the option trade
breaking : bidu q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) beats estimates , 1.91 vs. 0.91 expected
tesla 's 'close to the edge ' cash foretells capital raise tsla
media stocks in or near buy zones pre-oscars : investing action plan : dis viab amzn nflx foxa cbs sne t twx
dow up for the 10th straight day , one of the longest streaks in history . djia
today s stocks winners : sq , gnc , hpq
dow closed at an all-time high for the 10th consecutive day , the longest streak of new highs since jan 1987 . djia
`` how about 'flesh ' ? ... oh ... . oh my ... disregard '' aapl colorware will paint your apple airpods any color !
rt @timothysykes : the market is closed now so it 's study time , see how to make 500 in a few minutes cool stuff fb
aapl there is a way to profit from a market that wo n't rise anymore , and it 's big .
nvda lovely nlods after hours
wait , goog is an uber investor ! i wrote this with @alexia a billion years ago
aapl there is demand for the apple car -- a lot my take via @yahoofinance @cnnmoney
summary : probably worth buying amzn if they blip down at any point in next couple of months .
gold is ready for liftoff - dragonfly capital gld gc_f
gold is ready for liftoff - dragonfly capital . gld gc_f
cramer advises his viewers on fluor , bank of america , mgm resorts and jack in the box bac flr jack mgm
top story : jackie fouse is retiring from the president s job at celgene . really ? celg
fcx off the wash had an upgrade today as well
amazon 's manchester by the sea received six oscars nominations . @emilylongeretta predicts which categories it 'll w
exxon mobil just got norwegian gov't approval to extend the life of an offshore gas field by 5 years natgas xom
focus off the wash 9:30-9:31 am entries today was nvda cenx fcx nvfy incredible out there
aapl simply betting that apple stock does n't fall apart has been a gigantic winning option strategy -- still
apple and tesla : a fairy tale ? aapl tsla
here 's how instagram 's albums might improve engagement fb
nvda was best trade from the vtf today . 94- 96 was good support . then it reclaimed 99.68 and pushed to go green . ( friday -cash flow )
google has a new platform to provide businesses an upgraded alternative to traditional sms texting : googl
morning movers : nordstrom , foot locker rise ; gap , goldman sachs fall jwn gps jcp fl rh
atm & amp ; overdraft fees : wellsfargo , @jpmorgan & amp ; @bankofamerica cash in 6.4 billion jpm wfc bac via @byheatherlong
rt @canuck2usa : fb new highs on day
@nuss_banger big time . one of our best investments ever . he will do it again . tsla
rt @wallstjesus : fdx repeat bull missile , july c
twtr really good review
gold is ready for liftoff gc_f gld
some interesting gld slv activity picking up . still signs of protection . single names still getting nibbles of bullish sharp activity
microsoft 's bet on drone mapping msft
microsoft 's bet on drone mapping msft
bank of america app gets zelle p2p capabilities bac
intel 's market share in apple 's iphone 8 could hit 65 % this year aapl intc qcom
the xlu has overtaken the spy with performance topping 5.87 % with a 4 % div yield @halftimereport
focus names this am nvda fcx cenx jagx sgy .. charts on the big boys is my favorite t
@jonnajarian @jlebenthal new gm bolt looks like a great car , i may buy 1 & amp ; competitive w/model 3 tsla ( not as trendy tho ) . @halftimereport
ms leads the global m & amp ; a advisor ranking so far w/ 99bn , followed by bac & amp ; c
5 essentials to becoming a millionaire before you 're 30 or at any age afterwards too fb twtr
ten stocks that still look cheap : @jefferiesevents bll bah ca cvx fcx gild ip mat
gold vs. everybody : how strength in the yellow metal is defying conventional wisdom gdx gld jnug ugld spy vxx
@ytjohnson you better buy fb and leave snap for the adventurous . dollar is still expensive .
rt @foxbusiness : mcdonald 's to offer all soft drinks for 1 mcd
spy had all the reason in world to pin lower - typically a bullish sign going forward if closes here or higher - hope no one shorted open
samsung introduced 10 times the number of models in 2016 than apple aapl lgeaf lnvgy
now joining us is @rbc 's mark mahaney , here to give us his top tech picks for 2017 . cheddarlive fb amzn nflx
note strength in ulta and nke -- retail and consumer powerhouses .
aapl the best ( and smartest ) option strategy in apple i have seen in a long time
nvda if you think the selling is overdone , but not sure if it will rise , this has been a winner with options
rt @sanglucci : pretty quiet day overall , but fdx had some solid momo throughout the session
this continues to be very much supportive of higher prices cause could have def pinned lower spx spy
breaking : nasdaq composite and s & amp ; p 500 turn slightly higher . can dow win streak go to 11 ? aapl nvda incy
spy youdoubted mustclosegreen.exe kills it again
aws targets 3microsoft office megalith amzn msft goog
google is first in line to get intel s next-gen server chip , @gigabarb reports intc
dow up 11 points today for its 11th straight record close . another milestone is possible monday .
rt @tuskmediallc : market reaction . is goog right to go after uber ? does cpac2017 matter ? why are these guys so handsome ?
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` foreign trade is the canary in the coal mine '' by @samanthaladuc spy
dow closes at an all-time high for the 11th consecutive day . one more ties the record from january 1987 . djia
what a finish ! 11th straight record close for djia as index sees longest winning streak since january 1992
new insight by @keithmccullough why i m bullish and also buying into market corrections
spy reclaimed 235.55 friday with a surprising/impressive recovery . use that as this week 's upper pivot support . pivot resistance 236.90
spx futures -1 after multiple weeks of solid post election gains . 2352-2355 proved strong upper support . we 'll see if that continues or not
gs the calm , low stress win in goldman sachs options right now -- and it 's growing
cot : trump trade fade supports gold oil hits new record saxostrats by ole hansen oil gld slv
the sales growth rate for spx for q4 is 5.0 % , above the estimate of 4.9 % on december 31 .
for 400/year , should have gs analyst action posted faster than the podunk times .
@squawkcnbc remember buffett does n't trade he owns and he owns aapl ... does n't listen to common `` best days are behind it '' argument .
@squawkcnbc for buffett aapl is a consumer product with real stickiness . why do n't the analysts cover it that way ? so odd , is n't it ?
basically warrenbuffett & amp ; this spx chart says . long term the bull markets win . just invest & amp ; live within ur means .
@squawkcnbc so many analysts did n't give a hoot or a fig that the product is loved . but buffett cites it as a great reason to own aapl
@squawkcnbc the irony that the world 's top investor likes aapl b/c it makes the best product and is cheap v. the analysts view is palpable
buffett tells @beckyquick : `` apple strikes me as having an extremely sticky product '' aapl askwarren
23 % of consumers used streaming brands on their mobile devices in december 2016 nflx amzn
berkshire more than doubled its apple stake . most of the buying was done by @warrenbuffett w/ @joshjame brka aapl
rt @elizabethgurdus : the legendary warren buffett reveals his larger-than-expected aapl stake on @squawkcnbc
tsla needed to up its quality and manufacturing games for the model3 . signs are promising .
rt @squawkcnbc : buffett tells @beckyquick : `` apple strikes me as having an extremely sticky product '' aapl askwarren
22 stocks moving in monday 's premarket acrx bcrx cemp ljpc voxx gogo ino insy sgmo drys urbn tsla jks
warren buffett doubles apple stake , cheers iphone maker 's stickiness aapl brk
warren buffett says amazon chief jeff bezos may be the `` best manager '' he has ever seen amzn askwarren
watch these 8 huge call purchases in monday trade ccj dis jone wmt vrx kate p wfm
buffett says berkshire more than doubled its apple stake since dec. 31 : via @k_chiglinsky @business aapl brk
agn @eyepowerment campaign helps support @dressforsuccess eyepowerment boldforlife
marijuana stocks are having a great 2017 gwph zyne spy
rt @richardbeales1 : we were early , but now warren buffett agrees that aapl could be first 1 trillion company - from @rob_cyran in 2011 ht
@adamsinger just got a samsung 4k and it 's amazing . no need for apple tv . it 's a netflix portal . aapl
we were early , but now warren buffett agrees that aapl could be first 1 trillion company - from @rob_cyran in 2011
we 're just eight weeks into 2017 and the s & amp ; p 500 index is squarely in rally mode : hd nflx
facebook remains dominant among social networking apps , but snapchat is on the rise fb
goldman reaffirms nvidia to conviction buy list . even though tesla is one of their best customers . interesting . tsla nvda
aapl got a look to it..
google forges ahead with answer to imessage goog aapl
well this sharpie caught the move . cat
nothingsville for a looong time . then a meteoric ascent to `` world 's most valuable company '' aapl
rt @lamonicabuzz : @warrenbuffett does n't own an iphone . but has an ipad . and berkshire hathaway now holds a lot of apple stock . aapl
spy reclaimed the weekly 235.55 ( spot to measure-adjust ) . now it 's above ath of 236.90 . see if it stays above . or not ! use prep
apple : mizuho ups target to 150 on rising iphone estimate - aapl
. @amazon , @netflix score first oscars amzn nflx
performances since may 22 2015 highs : spx +11 % ( financials/fang ? ) faw +0.6 % ( ftse global index ) dax -0.5 % nikk -4.5 % nyse +2.7 %
stocks to watch : buffett boosts aapl stake , tsla hit with sell rating , wmt could ignite price wars
alibaba : why @goldmansachs sees 30 % upside baba via @barronsasia
big deal for googl and a shot at fb
always good to hang with joe fahmy @jeffkilburg @jonnajarian & amp ; @jfahmy talking markets at the traderexpo spy
comscore adds youtube mobile metrics goog by @biintelligence
rt @lamonicabuzz : buffett/berkshire now owns a lot of apple stock -- even though he confessed he does n't have an iphone . aapl brk.b
buffett/berkshire now owns a lot of apple stock -- even though he confessed he does n't have an iphone . aapl brk.b
aapl a calm , low stress option strategy that has been monster winner
bac the big banks may have a bull run left , and this option strategy in bofa has had edge
since us elections ... +11.2 % msci world +13.6 % spy 500 fascinating , right ? even int'l . the money loves trump
googl amzn msft google sharpening its teeth for fight against amazon and microsoft
facebook plans to lay almost 500 miles of fiber cable in africa for better wireless internet - recode fb
the rise of nvidia was that big . here 's the famous @kimblecharting eiffel tower pattern :
spy players steppin it up a lil more today . this enough to push for new high ?
if djia posts a gain today , it would be the first 12-session win streak in 30 years ( h/t @peterschack )
rt @optionshawk : netflix nflx opening buy of 500 december 160 otm calls 11.80 to 12.00
paypal 's stock is poised to retest its all-time highs pypl
spx weeklys avg daily volume grew to 480,120 in jan 2017 more targeted strategies
warren buffett loaded up on apple stock right before it hit a new high this year aapl
reed hastings really loves that novel metaphor for binge viewing , says internet has brought binge viewing back to humans nflx mwc
aapl if apple keeps getting this bullish sentiment , you can make money just betting it wo n't fall a lot .
markets mostly quiet but facebook to new all-time highs as broad optimism persists . fb
beautiful multi-day on this cat , with even the late sweeper seeing great price action
warren buffett 's 1 trillion target for apple is in sight , says @rob_cyran aapl
even better was the rdr on friday nvda . and if u held , there was nice follow thru for cash flow .
ubs : costco is going to raise membership fees next quarter @mylesudland cost
and the winner is ? oscar stocks & amp ; momentum mon . discussed : dis , nflx , lgf.a , so , aep , nwl investools
rt @thestreet : allergan is @jimcramer 's favorite pharma stock , but he 's keeping an eye on valeant s results tomorrow :
what warren buffett learned about the iphone at dairy queen aapl brka
fb just found this one : betting fb simply does n't collapse has been a huge winner with options
allergan is @jimcramer 's favorite pharma stock , but he 's keeping an eye on valeant s results tomorrow :
mt @theglasshammer gs ' stephanie ivy shares her inspirational career story blackhistorymonth
rt @stockstotrade : have you checked out oracle yet ? this trader is already utilizing this feature- you should too . planahead fb twtr htt
rt @peterhimler : a billion hours a day watching youtube globally ! googl
trump 's proposed border tax is misunderstood by many spy uup
rt @canuck2usa : amzn gap fill + so far
warren buffett doubled his investment in apple this year . should you follow in his footsteps ? that 's coming up next ! aapl
buffett 's bucket list buys : the oracle making unexpected plays late in the game aapl brkb luv ibm siri
rt @arjunsethi : for those confused about why amzn cares about the gaming space . valve 2010 : 6m/gmv/month 2017 : 76m/gmv/month
for those confused about why amzn cares about the gaming space . valve 2010 : 6m/gmv/month 2017 : 76m/gmv/month
gs is proud to support the redevelopment of newark , nj s hahne & amp ; co. department store @business
coming up : -another dow record close ? -buffett bets on aapl , should you ? - @grantspub weighs in on the fed - @potus meets w/ healthcare ceos
rt @rmbrenna : china is backing baidu to take on the u.s. in ai research china bidu fxi ai deeplearning resear
pcln reports earnings amc , @russellrhoads details call spread activity & amp ; 3 years earnings history
amazon echo smart speakers have risen significantly in the past six months , from 950 last may 2016 to over 8,000 today . amzn
new iphones may cost upwards of 1,000 , and it looks like people will be ok with that . aapl
warren buffett on amazon : 'i do n't have a good answer ' on why i did n't buy it long ago amzn
if apple sold 225 million iphone 8 's , it would represent an 11 % increase year-over-year : aapl
priceline reports q4 eps adj . 14.21 vs 12.98 est. , sales 2.348b vs 2.32b est . pcln
djia closes for 12th straight record high .
save this chart right now . it 's the long history of bull and bear markets . incredible share by :
breaking : priceline pcln q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) beats estimates , 14.21 vs. 12.98 expected
earnings after the close : pcln htz wday
rt @valaafshar : amazon echo smart speakers have risen significantly in the past six months , from 950 last may 2016 to over 8,000 today . am
rt @swheelscpa : snap ipo : why it may be the next facebook via @yahoofinance snap fb twtr
another record quarter expected for salesforce tomorrow despite competition from oracle , amazon , microsoft :
rt @charliebilello : dow jones industrial average : up 12 days in a row , one short of the record set in 1987 . djia
pcln beats the estimize eps consensus by 87c and misses the estimize revenue consensus by 2.72m -
pcln reports fq4 earnings of 14.21 eps and 2.35b revs -
priceline beats on earnings and revenue . pcln up 1.5 % after hours . do n't . short . the . shat !
dow jones industrial average : up 12 days in a row , one short of the record set in 1987 . djia
wedbush s @michaelpachter discussed @netflix in a bull vs bear debate on cnbc 's @powerlunch nflx
rt @thestreet : we 're just eight weeks into 2017 and the s & amp ; p 500 index is squarely in rally mode : hd nflx v
rt @anorajourno : a fun fact : spx touched a 52-week low at 1,932.23 on feb 29 , 2016. it 's up 22 % since then .
priceline up 2.6 % to 1,675 in extended trading on earnings beat pcln
the dow closed at an all-time high for the 12th straight day , tying january 1987 for the longest in history . djia
as it-infrastructure turns software-centric , nutanix is most obvious beneficiary ntnx csco hpe lnvgy vmw
well done @tjkyner beating 24 other analysts and the wall street consensus to take the win for htz -
priceline pcln beats for 13th straight quarter & amp ; analysts had been lifting estimates which is bullish travel
watch : @rob_cyran and @richardbeales1 discuss why aapl could reach buffett 's 1 trln target .
from msft cfo amy hood : linkedin definitely a revenue growth oppty , not just synergy/cost cutting
new highs for us stocks ; dow win streak longest since 1987 svu lmt wfm rtn
fb betting it will simply not collapse has been an enormous winner with options
with today 's spx close , we have matched the longest period without a 1 % or greater daily decline for spx in 20 yrs
aapl buckle up : the apple car will change automotive history
rt @charliebilello : the dow closed at an all-time high for the 12th straight day , tying january 1987 for the longest in history . djia
rt @cerebrus7 : amd new product update amd intc @benzinga finance philanthropy stocks fintech ai bi cloud
alibaba : revisiting goldman 's higher target price after earnings baba china technology cloud @barronsonline
gld jnug nugt how to use options to profit from gold prices my take via @cnnmoney @yahoofinance
icymi : the dow today saw its 12th straight record close , the most since 1987 and its 12-day streak of record closes . djia
amzn success with 'manchester ' points to changes in movie business
googl google is coming after cloud -- and it could get ugly for amzn
fb betting on `` not collapsing '' has been smarter than anything else -- by a lot
we get to test these vrx numbers from a bull today . looking forward to it .
spx futs-1 as president trump addresses congress tonight . upper support stands at 2361 with a major at 2352. pivot resistance is 2371
intc stop loss case study : another boring stock that has meant huge wins with options
vimpelcom is reinventing itself as a tech company to keep up with the internet giants quartz goog fb vip
keep an eye on these 12 stocks for february 28 , 2017 azo crm dpz tgt pcln vrx htz thc wtw sby rost ftr
the most accurate endp estimate is from analyst_4209670 , beating 27 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
endp beats the estimize eps consensus by 13c and the estimize revenue consensus by 78.47m -
well done analyst_5422865 beating 135 other analysts and the wall street consensus to take the win for vrx -
the most accurate amrn estimate is from ncia , beating 16 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
amrn beats the estimize eps consensus by 3c and the estimize revenue consensus by 2.70m -
this morning 's winner for ddd is lichtf who beats 69 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
snapshot of yesterday 's all-time closing high for spy
@starbucksnews confirms european roastery will come to milan in 2018 . sbux is planning to open 20-30 of these mega locations globally .
the djia has closed at a new all-time high for 11 straight trading days . in stansberry digest : ( paywall )
good read - `` s & amp ; p 500 technical trading update : near-term upside limited '' blog by @marknewtoncmt spy
@trader_53 i love this tweet . tesla will be here in five years . and much bigger . enjoy the car . it 's great . tsla
the market in 5 minutes spy htz tgt xcqp pcln prgo nflx aapl hsy trip wday csx
microsoft to launch a games subscription service msft
cramer 's mad dash pcln `` get this , no fewer than ten firms raised price targets -- this was a beautiful quarter ! ''
vrx 15 test ! incredible covered all .
@filmprofessor9 apple should buy 20 % today . give musk 8 bil and be done . that would be sweet . aapl tsla . that was a dream .
alibaba looks to emulate amazon and unlock potential of the cloud ecommerce china baba
starbucks ceo says chain ready to enter italy after 35 years sbux
from inclusion to openness marty shares his experience of being out at gs as we recognize uk lgbthistorymonth :
rt @philipvandoorn : here are 10 nasdaq stocks analysts expect to rise up to 50 % qvca mu mnst goog
it s time to pounce on shares jd baba options via @sm_sears
buffett s 1 trln target for apple is in sight tech techtuesday aapl
but this shareholder says @apple has been in the lead . says needs more mentorship from aapl board to change silicon valley
world 's biggest wealth fund made 53 billion during 'trump rally ' spy
live : @pogue 's best wireless earbuds - apple airpods ! aapl
first item on @apple agenda is re-election of the 8 directors on the board . easy to assume this will pass aapl
. @apple shareholders are voting for 4 mgmt proposals and 5 shareholder proposals , including one that wants more exec diversity . aapl
. @apple town hall is standing room only for the aapl shareholder meeting ( hence why the press is in an overflow room )
rt @sharatibken : . @apple maccafe workers have coffee backpacks to caffeinate investors b4 aapl shareholder mtg . wonder what they 'd call th
. @apple shareholders approval re-election of all board members . @algore gets the lowest % in favor at about 97 % vs 99 % for others aapl
preliminary results are in . all board members re-elected aapl
apple board overwhelmingly re-elected . aapl
prelim voting results based on proxies before start of @apple shareholder meeting aapl
earnings today : etsy crm wuba mrin panw opera.ol lots of smaller cos today -- good fodder for reading
this shareholder said just sold stock after holding it for 20 years . says lack of attention to detail in recent products is not good aapl
it just occurred to me that shareholders in @apple 's town hall who have held onto their aapl stock for a long time are probably pretty rich
rt @sharatibken : proposal 2 @apple shareholder meeting is push for aapl to have more diversity in its senior mgmt and board . come up ever
the dow has closed higher for 12 straight sessions . the last time that happened ? 30 years ago : djia dia
bank of america exec bessant to head committee over north tryon revitalization @cathybessant bac charobs
rt @jbooton : apple 's stock gets second target boost in a week , both calling for shares in 150 range : aapl
milan , say hello to starbucks : sbux
apple shareholder antonio avian maldonado offers proposal to commit company to improving leadership diversity . apple opposes . aapl
it 's not just buffett . lots of _ _ _ for @apple in february . aapl sees best monthly gain since july 2013 , to all-ti
crm at-the-money straddle trading 4.58 which means its pricing in a move of 5.6 % through friday
target : between a rock ( amazon ) and a hard place ( wal-mart ) tgt amzn wmt
rt @gsbruno13 : apple 's bullish sentiment highest since 2010 aapl via @thestreet
fed 's williams : march rate hike up for `` serious consideration '' fomc rates djia ro
salesforce scheduled to report earnings in a half-hour . check out our preview , i 'll post results when they hit crm
crm earnings report beats expectation by 12 %
rt @jowens510 : salesforce beat on earnings and ever-so-slightly raised its full-year guidance . crm ca n't decide which way to go .
salesforce beat on earnings and ever-so-slightly raised its full-year guidance . crm ca n't decide which way to go .
well done dave_r beating 204 other analysts and the wall street consensus to take the win for crm -
crm beats the estimize eps consensus by 2c and the estimize revenue consensus by 10.67m -
crm reports fq4 earnings of 28c eps and 2.29b revs -
rt @cnbc : earnings : salesforce q4 eps 0.28 adj . vs. 0.25 est . ; q4 revs . 2.29b vs. 2.28b est . crm up 3 % after-hrs
snap may get 25 billion valuation with ipo 'multiple times oversubscribed ' snap fb
rip cmcsa . long live goog .
gs president & amp ; co-coo david solomon on what s driving tech s significant growth in 2017 :
m & amp ; a , tech giants & amp ; software are driving growth in the tech sector , says gs ' david solomon :
gs president david solomon discusses tech s significant growth drivers for 2017 :
rt @salesforce_ir : we delivered more than 2.1 billion in op . cash flow in fy17 , up 29 % y/y , translating to a cash flow yield of 25.8 % . cr
rt @thestreet : googl finally unveils its digital television platform , youtube tv
rt @salesforce_ir : we are raising our fy18 guidance by 50 million to 10.2 billion at the high end of the range . crm crmfy17
youtube tv promises 40 major cable channels -- with live programming and dvr capabilities -- for 35 a month : googl
aws : `` s3 object retrieval , listing and deletion are fully recovered now . we are still working [ on ] ... adding new objects to s3 . '' amzn
apple says it spent 50 billion last year with u.s. suppliers aapl
a new app for microsoft hololens teaches you how to play piano through augmented reality . cheddarlive msft
rt @scottbudman : amazon releases statement about s3 outage : `` we are fully recovered . '' amzn
crm is up 18.8 % year-to-date . @benioff with @jimcramer
@brianfires @theiphawk @pavelsenor @13 congrats . you first bought vrx at 109 .
youtube video views reach 1 billion hours a day ; how does television compare ? goog
february comes to a close . march historically is a better month for spx return and volume :
pcln today + 92.12 . may 21 2004 @tmfstockadvisor cost : 23.71 , & lt ; 1/3rd of today 's move ! spiffypops never get old ... . thisishowwedoit
`` the big question is whether snap s ads will perform like twtr , meaning suboptimal , or like fb , meaning fabulousl
vix vxx the option strategy that has won for eight straight years
spy opening above yesterday 's high and ath of 237.31 . see if it stays above and extends . or they sell it and it does n't hold for trading
spx futures +11 as president trump delivered a solid speech to a joint congress . 2371 is ath . see how we handle this pivot for trading
mostly green arrows around the world . europe strong dax+1.3 % cac+1.32 % in asia the nikkei+1.4 % shanghai+.07 % spx futures +11
global stock prices , american prestige embiggened by trumps yuge night . spx
rt @jason : if you 're as obsessed with @amazon as we are , highly recommend 3x a week right now . amzn
how can business help community ? congrats to the gs employees who did with india impact fund .
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures surge ahead of economic data spy uso bby crm low panw
how you can make 50 % in 10 days on nvda `` - watch quant analyst chris johnson live @10 am et :
sellers will try and sell iwm and tna . if they hold . it 's worth a look & amp ; buyable for catch up to ath . this could be a tell for today
tech investors will love our quant specialist 's presentation on nvda , live at 10 a.m. et here : stockmarket
invest like al gore : buy amazon , sell qualcomm amzn qcom msft ir dlph crm rok
apple may try to get ahead of the curve with next iphone screen . via @wsjtech aapl
introducing 2018 estimates for aapl and raising price target to 165
salesforce still best positioned at the top of the cloud crm
rt @javierblas2 : oil watch : @exxonmobil will spend 1/4 of its capex in us shale ; xom expects shale to growth by 20 % a year from 2017 to
exxon 's new ceo drives oil giant into post-tillerson era xom
baba looking like amzn as cloud biz soars 115 % yoy
costco , juno , monsanto , target : @cnbcfastmoney picks for march 1 cost juno mon tgt
good morning from the @nyse for the @exxonmobil annual analyst meeting xom oott
amazon is a retailer . retail is fine . bad chains are dead . this is a great time to be a good merchant . amzn
markets : djia up 204 , above 21k for first time spx up 0.8 % dxy up 0.7 % german dax up 1.5 % gold down 1 %
exxon playing its `` energy lives here '' commercials ( which debuted at last year 's olympics ) for analysts ahead of annual meeting xom
as djia breaks above 21,000 , here 's a rundown of the best-performing assets from trump s first full month in offic
apple may broaden 50bn us manufacturing and supplier base netneutrality tech aapl
nvda nice gift on that morning rip
apple could rise 20 % over the next year aapl
breaking : day after trump 's jointaddress to congress , dow rips ~180 points at open and breaks 21000 . cheddarlive
wednesday rally - trump promises more chickens in more pots wtw dow21,000 spy --
how to play nvda nvidia to make 50 % gains in 10 days -- join us live at 10 a.m. et here : investing stockmarket
exxon 's annual capex should hit 25 billion by end of decade , woods says . ( 2017 capex slated for 22 billion ) xom oott
and we 're live ! click to watch quant chris johnson explain his strategy to play nvda for 50 % gains in 10 days :
. @ptuchmannyse 's gon na need more hats . to him , dow21k is validation of trump living up to expectations .
macau might finally be headed in the right direction lvs mgm mpel wynn
`` we remain in excellent financial condition '' - exxon ceo darren woods xom oott dividend
rt @cheddar : breaking : day after trump 's jointaddress to congress , dow rips ~180 points at open and breaks 21000 . cheddarlive dow21k dj
more than 75 % of all s & amp ; p 500 stocks are trading above their 200-day moving average right now : spy voo
htz steady ramp from weak open idea off scan - nice second day @carl_c_icahn name
vxx relatively holdin up
with the mobile industry upgrading to 5g , buy cavium cavm nvda intc aapl adi avgo
facebook is pushing 'reactions ' over 'likes ' fb by @biintelligence
fb player steppin it up
at the low end , the promise of 1 trillion in fiscal stimulus is worth the biggest spx bullish gap since april 2009
baba approaches 105- 105.20 zone . again
dow winners : jpm gs cat axp unh
big caps , big gains : if we ended the year today , the ndx would have its best annual gain since 2014 . aapl respons
aapl at all time highs
consistent steam in the fins , xlf jpm buying in addition to the usual parade of bac calls :
from 20k to dow21k : leadership spread btw gs , aapl , ba ; pfe & amp ; jnj among largest pct gainers ; in the red : cvx , xom , intc , ge , vz
banks , banks , banks : kbe hitting highs not seen since february 2008 ; financial sector and xlf hitting highs not seen since december 2007 .
exxon touts growth potential with eye toward dividend xom oott oil natgas
'trump bump ' returns as markets climb after upbeat speech bby low spy uso vxx jointsession
on nasdaq , comp & amp ; qqq are notching new records , but the biggest gains and volume are coming from biotech and
watch this : youtube tv via @yahoofinance - googl huge !
ism manufacturing index surges to 30-month high , fueling fed hawks gm f jpm gs bac wfc
twitter adds more safety tools , will curb abusive accounts - twtr
ignore the bears , buy salesforce shares : wunderlich crm
facebook has a new app for the apple tv here 's what it looks like - fb
salesforce had a strong q4 , billings exceed expectations crm
of 1,000 pts gained from dow20k close on jan 25 to dow21k , bulk of gains are : apple aapl +117 pts goldman sachs gs +111 boeing ba +105
stocks are up this morning , with the djia above 21,000 for the first time ever .
avgo reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.05 eps and +18.72m revs compared to ws
snap is selling at the top . it 's smart for them . fun product no revenue model . even twitter is better at monetizin
rt @timothysykes : check this out- my best penny stock buy alert ever it sure pays off to do premarket research fb
gs do n't forget the guts of this rally -- financials are a massive win in options right now
rt @philwahba : mcdonald 's ceo says has 15 % share of store visits a year in its 9 top markets mcd says can snag more
index activity has been ramping up spy iwm
cisco expands its jasper iot platform csco
cisco expands its jasper iot platform csco
cisco expands its jasper iot platform csco by @biintelligence
mcdonald 's ceo says has 15 % share of store visits a year in its 9 top markets mcd says can snag more
aapl ripping , but this low risk option strategy is ripping more , a lot more .
rt @stocktwits : more than 75 % of all s & amp ; p 500 stocks are trading above their 200-day moving average right now : spy
mcd this should be good ...
aapl rally the little engine that could
summary : more kiosks , more delivery , more mccafe , mobile order and pay and a loyalty program . mcd
rt @jonathanmaze : mobile order and pay , curbside check in coming by q4 . mcd
mcdonald 's to launch mobile order and pay in fourth quarter in u.s. mcd
mobile order and pay , curbside check in coming by q4 . mcd
apple could rise 20 % over the next year aapl iphone
mcdonald 's plans to convert most of its us system to experience of the future by 2020. including incentives . mcd
mcdonald 's going to increase presence of mccafe in its restaurants . coffee is a `` significant opportunity . '' mcd
mcdonald 's launching its signature burger line later this year . mcd
rt @lydiaramsey125 : double-dose of cancer-screening news -- grail raises 900 million from the likes of amzn , jnj , bmy , mrk , celg
double-dose of cancer-screening news -- grail raises 900 million from the likes of amzn , jnj , bmy , mrk , celg
youtube ceo pitches new tv service : 'a giant opportunity ' goog googl
that 's lots of people , mcdonald 's . mcd
rt @sbanjo : mcdonalds finally , finally gets religion on delivery . it 's about time mcd
mcdonalds finally , finally gets religion on delivery . it 's about time mcd
rt @jonathanmaze : delivery 10 % of overall system sales at mcdonald 's china . mcd
delivery 10 % of overall system sales at mcdonald 's china . mcd
85 % of population in mcdonald 's five top global markets live within 5 miles of a mcd . big delivery potential .
youtube 's new offering makes it a strong buy , analysts say goog googl
rt @greglieber : best analysis you 'll read on cable/ott/mvpd/vmvpd landscape . also , amazing how well twitter would fit into googl / youtub
today 's powerhouse , aapl , had seen consistent steam throughout february ; seriously paying off now :
rt @peterfrost : mobile order and pay , curbside check-in available at all mcd restaurants by 4th quarter .
company expects to reach its goal to refranchise 4,000 locations by the end of this year , one year early . mcd
of 25 wall street analysts tracking @exxonmobil , only 5 say buy stock . most analysts say buy @chevron xom oott
rt @wlstcom : btig analyst piecyk raises apple target price to 165 aapl
mobile order and pay , curbside check-in available at all mcd restaurants by 4th quarter .
mcdonald 's says its experience of the future restaurants see a `` mid single digit '' sales lift . mcd
traders are feeling optimistic ! @potus ' speech last night is helping to send the djia , spx , and ncomp to all-tim
mcdonald 's mcd reopens for trading after near 90 min trading halt for news ... gaps higher to 130 intraday , driftin
mcd trading again . up 1 % . unveiled new growth strategy . more technology for ordering . like sbux . increased delivery in more markets too .
currently the biggest , daily rally from the spx ( 1.4 % ) since the pre-election rally on nov 7
the dow broke 21k today , but @dlippman says wall street has to realize all of trump 's proposals wo n't be passed in
mcdonald 's growth plan : more digital more delivery more experience of the future new 3-year cash return targets new financial targets . mcd
rt @seeitmarket : roughly 410 s & amp ; p 500 stocks are trading above the 200 day moving average spy
after a bigger relative selloff yesterday , small cap stocks are roaring back with a vengeance , w/ iwm +2 % after -1.5 % prior
microsoft says its newest xbox service wo n't kill gamestop after all gme msft
some timely dip buying in bac , but even early sweepers were rewarded :
mcdonalds mcd rallying after halt on bullish sales & amp ; cash return . mobile order & amp ; pay rolling out across us in q4
if the djia holds at or above 21,000 today , it 'll tie its record for fastest move from one thousand-point mileston
rt @sbanjo : in recently-released 10k , mcdonald 's adds `` trade measures '' to `` actions taken by government '' that could adversely affect its bus
rt @thebubblebubble : today 's stock market valuations may be even higher than in 1999 and 1929 : by @michaellebowitz
how will the snap ipo compare to other tech companies like fb and twtr ?
aapl up 2 % . moving closer to three quarters of a trillion dollars in market cap . iwow
from a technical standpoint , bank of america has been rallying since june : bac
amzn update : how understanding the stock behavior , makes owning calls a huge win
11 ways the cell phone has evolved since the nokia 3310 aapl bbry nok nokia3310
mcdonalds demonstrating mobile app on the iphone plus plus . mcd
one chart showing how consensus was way too bearish , hedging , coming into today spx
. @jimcramer -- `` i have loved broadcom '' avgo
will tsla get a 10k colonic to the stars ? @tonyrobins @huntandfishnyc @scaramucci tsla : via @youtube
apple powers to record high on latest price-target hike - aapl ( long )
fed 's beige book shows us economy expanded at modest-to-moderate pace from early jan. through mid feb. spy
coffee is in the new mcd plan ( needed this )
@jzabe sandberg is a jedi master . fb
youtube tv joins growing field , but has better features goog aapl amzn nflx t
salesforce benefiting from compounding effect as profitability finally following top-line crm wday
here 's the new mccafe . mcd
rt @appleinsider : aapl beats 140 per share in mid-day trading , inches closer to record 775b market cap
aapl beats 140 per share in mid-day trading , inches closer to record 775b market cap
lotta money betting that avgo blows it away once again ...
rt @canuck2usa : adbe new highs on the move
china is funding baidu to take on the us in deep-learning research : bidu
damn , vrx ... today too ?
@jdonaldson160 in fact , our top 20 fund is up 10 % jan/feb and em fund up 10 % as well . do n't have to be long spx ( dumb valuations ) to make 
how to use options to profit from the bank stock rally - bac xlf
mcdonald 's lays out plan it hopes can reverse drop in visits mcd sbux
rt @lamonicabuzz : the snap ipo will price later today . but should loyal snaphcat users try to buy the stock tomorrow ? twtr fb
rt @ljkawa : a whopping 8.2b into spy yesterday , biggest inflow since dec 2014
all-time closing spy high
something cooking ? facebook `` testing twitter '' - page seems to have been retracted for now ! fb twtr
partners include amzn and tencent : health care analysts will have to get much more comfortable with technology .
rt @srussolillo : in this challenged retail environment , costco has been a surprise winner , surging more than 20 % since election cost
rt @keithmccullough : all-time closing spy high
12 stocks you should be watching today adsk anf avgo ssi kr shak mrvl mnst cost joy plnt burl
can you build a business on the back of facebook live ? fb twtr snap
rt @sanglucci : markets coolin off after yesterday 's shenanigans . all eyes on snap , while bac xlf continue to have supportive bidders
the price-to-sales ratio of snapchat and everything else : snap - 62 fb - 13 yhoo - 7 googl - 5 twtr - 4
rt @davidgzeiler : one bitcoin is now worth more than 1 ounce of gold . investing bitcoinprice btc gld
round two has started nvda
xom had a nice day 1 and got a nice day 2 . different
rt @trfinservices : `` ipos tend to be worth less after 3 yrs , but tech companies like fb & amp ; googl are defying the trend . '' @daveaurelio snapc
big consumer ipos really seem to lend themselves toward suspenseful starts . was a really special day at twtr , congrats to snap team !
what 's wrong with this picture ? @mcdonalds 4q same-store sales grew 2.7 % . at @shakeshack it was only 1.6 % . mcd shak
u did get a rdr in fb at 137.48 pivot .
4 lessons from my successful student who made 4k in 1 week dedication pays off eventually fb twtr
apple watch roars back with its best sales quarter yet aapl
time to take profit in camping world ? cwh spy
rt @jennyqta9 : @reutersbiz @nyse putting my wallstreet hat back on 2day watching these tickers as snap 's mkt cap is flying above lnkd t
.. @reutersbiz @nyse putting my wallstreet hat back on 2day watching these tickers as snap 's mkt cap is flying above
snap now up 52 % . market value more than 36b . almost as big as tsla .
although i 'm not a daily user , i 'm really rooting for snap . the world needs a strong competitor to fb 's social dominance .
wins for fb and googl
want fries with your mchalt ? trending thurs . discussed : mcd , anf , kite , ptct , amt , shak tr . demo : grub
@kevinpalmer it sure is . remember when fb shot up real fast , then fell back to earth ? me too . i bought it at 19 : )
rt @kantar : wins for fb and googl
costco has membership sales , which could help protect against possible weakness in merchandise sales : cost
snap already more valuable than twitter , macy 's , other household names snap twtr m hog xxr rl aal bby cpb
snapchat 's parent snap just raised more than all tech ipos in 2016 ... combined snap fb baba
rt @44 : reflecting on snap , one of my proudest moments about twtr 's ipo was honoring our users with the opening bell
the only remote chance any oem has of messing with tsla model 3 launch is to ship something great this fall . this
@predatordiaries with a few notable exceptions like aapl where they were ahead of the curve .
buffett on iphone : apple has products people would use , 'not that i do ' aapl
rt @benzinga : how does 'youtube tv ' affect the google investment thesis ? cbs cmcsa dis goog twx foxa
tech report has an excellent gaming price/performance scatter plot with the latest amd ryzen and intc cpus
aapl exceptional option trading in apple my take via @cnnmoney @yahoofinance
thursdaythoughts on cybersecurity : csco is kicking butt , and taking names !
snap is valued at 30 billion right now . it 's bigger than : cbs ( cbs ) afl ( aflac ) aal ( american airlines )
rt @mnkahn : a follow-up video to my column . two scenarios - pullback time or the start of another big leg up . video 5 mins
one amazon worker takes down the internet amzn awsoutage
i really should pin this to my twtr page and wait for the fun .
breaking : costco cost q2 revenue , 29.77b vs. 29.86b expected
breaking : costco cost same store sales ( ex-items ) y/y is 2 % for february .
stocks : market leaders by price volume aapl bac cat nvda full list
rt @ryanvlastelica : yesterday 's flow into spy was historic , but its just part of a massive trends towards index-based etfs
rt @semil : if snap is a 30b+ company now , scary to think what instagram would be if a standalone app or spun out by fb .
msft it turns out just betting that the stock wo n't collapse has been a huge winner
rt @kantar : 1 in 5 ( 19 % ) internet users in apac aged 55 65 now use instagram , a 47 % jump since this time last year
spx hits 2400 yesterday as the markets loved what trump had to say . march looks in play for a rate hike .
rt @goldmansachs : photo from australia : gs proud to join equalitycampaign to support marriageequality
snap , biggest tech ipo since baba , prices above forecast via @usatoday
aapl betting stock does n't fall apart has been a gigantic winning option strategy
rt @alexfrangos : smart piece by @jackycwong on expiry cliff facing world 's biggest casinos in macau lvs wynn mg
rt @cerebrus7 : us pre markets look | cat bearing up , considering.. finance philanthropy stocks investor fintech blockchain ai b
smart piece by @jackycwong on expiry cliff facing world 's biggest casinos in macau lvs
spdr s & amp ; p 500 etf trust options trade spy
. @mcdonalds wants to change the way you dine mcd
if u were systrom , would u have rathered 120m cash & amp ; 280m in fb stock ( 34/sh ) in 2012 ( & amp ; a great yr of travel )
if crm stays at 80 as it has for fifteen months it is too cheap and googl should buy them . a bargain at 80 bill
5 must watch stocks for today adsk big cost mrvl wing
watch these 7 huge call purchases in friday trade aapl akam avav oclr pep mrvl wmgi
costco shares get an unexpected discount , and investors snap to attention - today 's stocks to watch : cost snap
the new nike sneakers with swarovski crystal detailing nke
snap bucking overall market trend for a second straight day , up 10 % while spx is flat . snap spx
sto cost mar 170 puts 1.60-1.65
rt @stockstotrade : know what you 're investing in ... you can research and planahead with the tools stt gives you ! markethumor stockmarket
lvs mystery gambler : one particular customer , she wins everyday & amp ; she s doing very well & amp ; she affected the numbers ''
rt @stockstotrade : setting goals is important in anything you do- especially when trading stocks . traderwisdom tradertips fb twtr
rt @stockstotrade : it 's time to think about keeping a trading journal ... see why it 's so important for success : tr
. @puma exec talks turnaround , retro trends and sales performance : 'not a fly-by-night success ' nke pmmaf
chesapeake chk files 10-k , a day after saying it would be late in filing .
twtr inching
1 key reason why exxonmobil is likely to thrive for investors long term : people keep making more people . xom
tsla head and shoulders ... .right shoulder ? see ya at 220
weekend reading : trump s rocket ride : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
you have 3 minutes to pitch your smallbiz know what you 're going to say ? advice from gs :
same mnkd . today . yahoo ! finance and google finance .
. @jimcramer said a fed rate hike is needed in order to justify the huge increases in citigroup 's stock price :
google anticipates higher user engagement with its pixel smartphone - googl
read and bookmark as these 40+ lessons are so crucial to your eventual success fb twtr
rt @telecommw : qualcomm mobile technology will drive internet of things : raj talluri . read more : qcom
the market is closed so it 's study time , see 3 case studies on how to make 1 million see what works fb twtr
s & amp ; p 500 : 98 trading days without a 1 % decline , the longest streak since 1995 . spx
the revenue growth rate for spx for q4 is 4.9 % , equal to the estimate of 4.9 % on december 31 , 2016 .
bac has been so good to the community since 8 with many great inflection point buys on all time frames
spy pivot support is 237.73 . under this , there 's still an open gap towards 237 . use friday 's low as pivot support . resistance 239.20
citi raised apple 's price target to 160 from 140 : aapl
nflx holdin up , lookin different from the pack
s & amp ; p 500 -- back to levels before trump 's speech to congress spx
netflix and ultra are higher today . the best of entertainment and retail . not much else . snap has n't opened yet . nflx ulta
analysts raised apple 's price target to 160 from 140 aapl
my latest : sell short u.s. tourism after trump ban aal mar via @investopedia
zooming in on @xerox 's turnaround xrx cndt hpq hpe
a preview of micron 's q2 results : 'expect positive tailwinds to continue ' mu
rejoice , gamers ! ntdoy aapl
nflx leads ndx , upped at ubs to buy from neutral , with 175 price target .
bucking the trend : fast notches new 52-week high after feb. sales up 6 % year over year ; within 5 % of all-time high
party for mining bankers : deals are back on after 4yr stall @luzi_ann @daniellebochove fcx trox valebz clf bhp
the banking empire strikes back : jpm & amp ; bac tell lenditusa their small biz clients can get loan within mins . just like fintech lenders .
according to my math its now been 100 days since the spx spy has had a down move of & gt ; 1 %
amazon prime for the moon . that 's how @popsci 's @camaldarelli views @blueorigin 's plans for a space cargo transit c
tech stocks : fb amzn msft googl aapl
rewriting the script : simulation games take inspiration from art , social issues aapl msft sne
morgan stanley still likes visa better than paypal v pypl @morganstanley
surprising sector-level value for this etf aapl msft xlk
improving alexa & amp ; placing it within as many devices as possible makes amazon a voice assistant contender : amzn
president trump cheers @exxonmobil 's plan to create 45,000 jobs xom
premarket prep . we 're talking hpe buying nmbl , crm and options with @racernic . plus the ceo of @vetrratings
watch these 8 huge put purchases in tuesday trade cbi mdr mpel vale trn wynn wll twtr
rt @mktsinsider : here 's how apple is looking ahead of the opening bell . aapl
forget about gold and silver ; rhodium is one hot commodity gld slv
trump cheers exxon 's plan to create 45,000 jobs xom
rt @gsbruno13 : facebook wins lawsuit in germany over hate speech post fb via @thestreet
smart move by wiseguy activity in ibm and crm prior to the partnership . steamroom
nice fb move here . still plenty of march sharp action .
`` mar marriott expects to dramatically increase the size of its portfolio in europe across all segments `` not a good idea right now ...
rt @dougkass : @jimcramer twtr moved to best ideas list on realmoneypro .
2b clear xom has invested tens of billions all over the world for last 2 decades , including massive russia project in arctic 4 upstream
`` go short snap & amp ; long twitter '' @jimcramer @squawkstreet snap twtr
pro : here 's why you should buy the financial sector etf xlf
what 's the future of snapchat advertising ? fb snap
aapl if you 're bullish apple , this is how to trade calls , exactly
rt @carlosmoreirajr : amazon 's twitch introduces pulse amzn inamazonibelieve
rt @rorol : mantle ridge 's five year lock up helped drive blockbuster csx settlement bringing on hunter harrison as new ceo :
the youngest billionaires in the world some weekday inspiration for you fb twtr
amazon 's twitch introduces pulse amzn inamazonibelieve
ibm and salesforce will start sharing their ai technology ibm crm
major players in billionaire space race amzn ba gy
apple iphone 8 : patent hints at 3-d selfies , augmented reality and driverless cars aapl
rt @earningsscout : fact : on election night,1q17 spy eps growth est = +12.82 % . this morning , its +7.87 % . 2q17 went from +8.65 % to +7.27 % . 3
aapl iphone 8 : patent hints at 3-d selfies , augmented reality and driverless cars via @cnbc
the stock was up yesterday at an all-time high damn near doubled even after all the fiasco- heck aapl using news t
rt @lamonicabuzz : adidas shares up 7 % in germany after another quarter of solid sales , especially in u.s. strength of addyy bad news for 
if it is in the past , and cat now cooperating and revenues getting better..
ronaldo 's 1 billion nike deal could be the future of social media marketing nke
now that 's some qcom momo
rt @gomoneybadger : the oakland raiders found a new investment partner and are one step closer to vegas . sbux tries something new :
here 's how bank of america stocks are trading today . bac
amazon ceo 's rocket company blue origin emerges as force in aerospace amzn
adp jobs reading very strong ; payroll figures due out friday spx spy
financials and utilities almost a mirror image of each other . c currently outperforming within financials . spx
chinese names movin alright this morning with some sharpie rotation . baba yy
some mid-week stocks to keep an eye on today : cat dis urbn hrb investing
rt @barronstechblog : mizuho lifts skyworks to buy ahead of strong iphone 8 cycle swks aapl
if trump keeps his promises , fast could soar even higher . see today 's market notes :
rt @twillo1 : @sassy_spy spy 20d fwd tendency when % of components at 20d highs falls below 6
if you care about arm-based servers ( or intc ) , microsoft is announcing first use of qualcomm chips to power azure servers .
amazon would fare better than legacy retailers under a us import tax amzn
apple stock given a price-target hike by citi with the iphone 8 expected later this year (
this activist investor is pummeling buffalo wild wings executives bwld
aapl it 's not the stock that has been the winner -- it 's a bet that it does n't collapse that has
celg the fact that celgene is n't moving has meant a huge winner with options
hershey shares spike as trader chat rooms revive speculation buffett , kraft heinz could bid aapl brk-a brk-b
sig prgo lb tgt vrx watches for some relief rallies next few days and ideally another round of fade after they done .
rt @businessinsider : retail forecast : u.s. consumers will spend 632 billion online by 2020 amzn baba
have you read my entire free yet ? if so good job , if not why not , it 's free and useful fb twtr
fed hikes and stock market returns . new post . spx
rt @thestreet : the market is sending a message that the future for adidas is pretty darn bright addyy nke ua
apple says it 's already fixed many wikileaks security issues @usatodaytech aapl
the market is sending a message that the future for adidas is pretty darn bright addyy nke ua
not really that surprising for goog - this is the company that has never detailed youtube 's solo performance . youtube is bigger than cloud .
podcast : womans day hear me roar sst panw nugt intc ne bcrx vxx vix : via @youtube
is kauai proof tsla 's energy storage vision can power the company 's growth ? this will be an interesting interview
rt @gigabarb : goog has the money , means and commitment to pull off a new platform for computation globally for everyone who needs it says
goog has the money , means and commitment to pull off a new platform for computation globally for everyone who needs it says schmidt . boom
this iwd2017 , we 're highlighting the women who drive success and excellence at gs :
microsoft nears top of 18-day trading range msft
ulta is making a double top . or about to break out ... dammit
weatherford 's board is serious about creating value hal wft
wall street is wrong -- google 's upside is absolutely enormous - googl aapl amzn fb msft
rt @lebeaucarnews : is kauai proof tsla 's energy storage vision can power the company 's growth ? this will be an interesting interview live
salesforce remains a favorite among cloud stocks in 2017 crm ibm
3 apps that may be the snapchat of the east baba ln snap
vrx action - a lot of it
equities are n't headed for a fall -- just look at how the bonds and fx markets are acting right now ! spx spy
always great to see utah and gs recognized as a great place to live and work beststates via @usnews
tesla has a new chief information officer after a year without a permanent cio tsla
intc easily one of the most powerful uses of stop losses i have ever seen in options
rt @biuk_tech : google 's eric schmidt : 'big data is so powerful , nation states will fight ' over it goog
reminder of juno jcar017 transcend ( phase i ) lymphoma data from ash16 , via jkens hasskarl ( celg ) adopt17
iwm has lead us up , then down & amp ; is below the 50day . that needs to be reclaimed fast or more weakness sets in . recent pivot low is 135.78
skyrocketing facebook stock price is a better bet than gambling on snapchat snap fb
twitter turnaround : why jack dorsey bought 7 million in stock via @yahoofinance - twtr
happy birthday , bull market . spx up 250 % since march 9 , 2009. second longest bull market in history , fourth strongest .
10 must watch stocks for today fnsr igt pay spls zumz tlrd unfi ulta sig rate
irish coffee is nice , but can starbucks really sell us on whiskey-barrel-aged coffee beans ? ( answer : probably ) sbux
rt @timothysykes : 8 way to become a better trader and sharpen your skills always be looking to get better fb twtr
rt @wallstjesus : largest changes in open interest : xop spy xlf eem uso vxx chk bac rio gld p xlu iwm h
biotech , ciena , nike , panera : fast money picks for march 9 cien nke pnra xbi
vix vxx the marvelous option strategy that has won for eight straight years
analysts see blue sky for skyworks in 2017 aapl swks
short sellers paid more to short facebook shares on its debut than snap fb snap
here 's how apple stock is looking before the opening bell . aapl
rt @singlesize : @rachelswarns missed the fb but my black korean family is the great joy of my life . justhuman
exxon takes stake in mozambique gas project in 2.8 billion deal xom oott lng
keep and eye out for earnings reports from ulta pay ssys zumz fnsr loco fly and prty
reviews for the 700 nvda geforce gtx 1080 ti graphics card are out and it 's wicked fast
@jimcramer still likes google , a lot : googl
rt @jdblum23 : exxon mobil buying mozambique stake for 2.8 billion lng xom ceraweek
exxon mobil buying mozambique stake for 2.8 billion lng xom ceraweek
potstock 's are rallying this am let 's home it continues vin vnnyf acbff emc emmbf aph imlff in
twitter is guaranteeing video ads for big brands twtr
@zbiotech higher than if it signs no deal at all ? or maybe gild can do some more buybacks
alibaba seeks 5 billion loan amid tech financing rush : basis point baba
4 key takeaways from alphabet 's @googlecloud next event googl gcp
8 years ago today : the s & amp ; p 500 traded for 660 points the dow traded for 6,500 today ? : spx 2,360 djia 20,800
wikileaks ' vault7 : what are 'zero day ' vulnerabilities ? aapl feye msft
rt @ibd_ecarson : dow 's exxon mobil , royal dutch shell announce energy deals as oil undercuts 50 xom rdsa mro b
bill gates is pretty smart . 80 % of the bill gates trust is in 5 stocks . curious which 5 ? wmt wm brk-a cat cni
ulta reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.02 eps and +4.87m revs compared to ws
competition only helps apple ripen , an advantage over the fang stocks aapl amzn fb nflx googl
google 's upside is enormous and wildly misunderstood - googl aapl amzn
amazonprime has a larger percentage of us households than target . join @kantarretail in april for more
if you shorted gld around the 119.88 rdr pivot on 2/27 - this 114 area is a good spot to cover
buying strength in high beta tech has n't worked the past few weeks . but googl and amzn made quiet moves back to highs .
investors love this small-cap etf iwm xslv
bank of america sees gold rising by 200 despite tightening monetary policy gdx gld
rydex asset allocations remain `` all-in '' bullish . interesting candle action on the monthly chart . see how the month
amazon has brought prime to mexico amzn
rt @stocktwits : this is how the us stock market has changed since 1900. from nearly all railroad stocks to ... djia qqq :
facebook `` would love to acquire '' snapchat 's parent snap at the right price , says analyst . fb snap
provost : trading in spx option volume reached a new all-time high for the fourth consecutive year in 2016 cboermc
siri learns shanghainese as voice assistants race to cover languages aapl tech languagelearning siri
5 lessons of being a multi-millionaire learn from those of us who are self-made fb twtr
exactly ! fb seems bent on making every product compete with snapchat stories . looking at my whatsapp status tab , n
rt @philipvandoorn : these retailers still thriving , despite the threat from amazon amzn ulta orly low fl wmt
a fourpeat ! @cboe provost : trading in spx option volume reached a new all-time high for the fourth consecutive year in 2016 cboermc
this delta , united rival now fears getting a taste of its own medicine dal ual aal
rt @goldmansachs : gs ' edith cooper shares why she believes goldman sachs is a great place to work : 100bestcos htt
gs ' edith cooper shares why she believes goldman sachs is a great place to work :
jpmorgan lists facebook as its favorite large-cap internet stock fb snap
google management : we have the money , means and commitment to reach our cloud ambitions goog googl
rt @anorajourno : to those who had faith in this 8-year bull market -- bravo ! spx
to those who had faith in this 8-year bull market -- bravo ! spx
katie stockton predicted these market highs ; here 's what she says is coming next spy
`` diversity is embedded in our firm s dna . '' read about gs ' women emerging in finance event in bengaluru :
facebook takes a page out of snap 's book ... again fb snap
a @starbucks barista started this campaign for more environmentally sustainable cups bettercup tobeapartner sbux
thursday - oil failure drags down the markets sun xom oil uga uso
renowned analyst toni sacconaghi initiates tsla as market-perform . for more , head to :
money is energy : a profile of family office and silk legend thomas g _termann acrx alk amrs amzn fb twtr
well this guy looks like a genius now . vxx
`` i m not letting apple go ! '' check out this sneak peek into @jimcramer s members-only confer
despite the tough week ( or 2 for russell ) markets all up over 10 % since election spx iwm qqq spy dia
salesforce and why this is the year of 'einstein ' crm ibm
iwm setting up for test of vwap from election , prior resist/support in 133-134 area
rt @options : long premium center stage now at cboermc - '' unless mkts stand still there 's value owning spx options directionally , near che
rt @lamonicabuzz : all-time high for fb . nice day for mark zuckerberg , huh ? and congrats to him and priscilla chan on upcoming baby 2.0 ! an
all-time high for fb . nice day for mark zuckerberg , huh ? and congrats to him and priscilla chan on upcoming baby 2.0 ! another girl too !
celgene 's deep pipeline can reassure investors - celg ( long )
rt @cnbcclosingbell : ulta has had quite the run in the past year , +71 % . earnings after the bell . tune if to find out if this run higher wil
ulta has had quite the run in the past year , +71 % . earnings after the bell . tune if to find out if this run higher
this whole `` lower oil , higher yields , higher dollar , lower s & amp ; p '' thing is eluding me . 1 of 4 does belong , but which ? cl tplex usd spy
happy birthday , bull market : the biggest winners & amp ; losers over the past 8 years chk dis hd ulta incy xom swn
you look marvelous ! cosmetics & amp ; skin care giant ulta salon reports after the close . ulta up 7.5 % ytd and more than 70 % over past 12 months .
nordstrom , goldman sachs , cisco made fortune 's best places to work list 20 years straight crm csco googl jwn gs
rt @samanthaladuc : just 4 stocks added 77 or 654 points to the dow -- more than half of the index 's 1150-point rally : aapl ba ibm hd @ph
amazon is very serious about its new brick & amp ; mortar strategy amzn
anything going on right now ? ulta . ok still preliminary anyway . got ta read up on it
the market 's closed so it 's study time , watch these 40 great lessons study up fb twtr
rt @frankmottek : just before the close snap -.13 to 22.68 , fb touching record highs , +.52 to 138.24 siliconbeach @knx1070 @cbsla @knxfr
congress is doing a huge favor for bofa while no one else watches | the huffington post bac
cl_f needs to get it together and realize it 's 2017. the spy wants highs . | everyone 's scared |
nflx mastering the upside with options
face masks are so hot right now . @jimcramer ulta elf
gold tops these asset classes gld
evening standard @standardnews reports rumours bp may be a takeover target for exxonmobil , mentions 600p/share . xom ro
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures gain ; all eyes on jobs report spy uso fnsr hibb pay ulta zumz
tesla 's elon musk offers to solve power crisis in south australia tsla
rt @gomoneybadger : jobs are up . the fed rate isn t far behind . here s what you need to know for today : spy dia
rt @ukarlewitz : spx opens on a +1250 tick , highest since 2/3 . good sign is digesting a high tick , just as a bad sign is more selling after
non-farm friday - is america working bigly ? jobsreport nfpguess spy dia deficit --
rt @businessinsider : facebook messenger has perfected its snapchat clone fb snap
ulta salons is higher after earnings . funny how that ah trading means nothing . great deal for ulta and mac coming together .
facebook messenger has perfected its snapchat clone fb snap
also on this interview that was sent out yesterday , i talked about why i was buying the dip the last 2 days . spy
ulta `` trade idea 2 : buy apr 280/mar 10 expiry 290 call diagonal and sell mar 17 expiry 260 put for 3.50 '' look for opp to btc 260 put & lt ; 10c
meacham s manifesto to gilead : it s time to do something dramatic buy , bag or burn gild
rt @barronstechblog : 4 key takeaways from alphabet 's google cloud next event googl amzn ebay hd dis cp hsbc vz
stupidstock move of the day ! bp up 2 % in u.s. , 4 % in london on xom deal rumors ? not impossible for exxon to buy . but seems unlikely .
some analysts see a bright future for nflx despite debt concerns .
twtr every ... day ...
ulta 20 off the lows . this is my happy face .
amazon 's warehouse partner in europe could nearing blockbuster ipo of more than 13 billion amzn
investors ca n't get enough tech . in addition to goog , these stocks are at all-time highs . fb adbe atvi ea sap pcln
ulta i adore the child like mainstream media wrt stocks . yesterday : ulta misses ! stock down ! ulta is at a new all-time high this morning
goog at an all-time high . but googl still slightly below it . anyway , google market value now approaching 600 billion !
repeat steam movin qcom along nicely .
big hire for lendingtree : bofa 's head of americas ecm jd moriarty will join as svp of corporate development tree bac
amzn the impact of earnings on amazon options
here 's how facebook stock is doing . fb
using the `` boring '' mega caps to create huge returns with options - csco ibm
@rklouie1 check out our earnings estimate for adbe here :
twtr almost a 14 handle ...
watch : gs securities division global clients survey results on march market sentiment :
quite possibly a well-timed new etf pave spy infrastructure
ulta-mate . hair care/cosmetics company looks beautiful . solid earnings . ulta up 4 % . all-time high .
palo alto up 3 % . some vague chatter about panw m & amp ; a rumors . looks like ibm named as possible suitor . csco has been mentioned in past too .
rt @hedgeyefood : 2 stock ideas : buy whole foods sell united natural foods via @hedgeye wfm unfi
ulta beauty reported another strong quarter with no slowdown in sight ulta
7 keys to making millions in the stock market it 's only possible if you put in the time/effort fb twtr
it surely was time ! jnug bac jpm c : )
avgo the quietly powerful option strategy
rt @canuck2usa : avgo new highs on move
aapl money to be made in risk protected apple options -- seriously .
rbc 's mark mahaney on @cnbcclosingbell right now . says amazon 's alexa could generate 10b in revenue by 2020 -could be `` mega-hit '' amzn
rt @cheddar : google is in an intelligent api race with other tech firms to provide advanced tools for smaller companies , @belril says ched
and the answer is ... amazon ! amzn
strength stays in the spy as traders shook fed fears | markets took a nap | @wallstjesus
google is in an intelligent api race with other tech firms to provide advanced tools for smaller companies , @belril
i wrote this about aapl googl msft amzn fb a year and a half ago . they 're now worth 2.6 trillion .
incy and gild spiked higher at same time .
celg for put sellers , this has turned into a big winner
why china is a massive opportunity for starbucks sbux
rt @johnspall247 : i will be joining @mariabartiromo @morningsmaria on monday morning to talk markets macro employment jobs ge spy qq
i think cmg wishes it had lines like sbux
intel buys mobileye in biggest ever deal in israeli high-tech mbly intc
everyone who bought nvda because self-driving cars , take note . mbly up ~20 % in us premarket . intc
wow ! the future . great purchase of mbly by intc .
watch gs ' tim moe on @bloombergtv about reflation & amp ; earnings growth in asia , view on china market
msft the forgotten mega tech makes for anice opportunity selling premium
we have weekly support pivots from last week to trade vs. the figure out , what 's next ! spx pivot low is 2363 to use . right above 21day .
dragonfly capital - 4 trades to profit in bp : bonus idea bp spy
intc agrees to acquire mbly for 15.3b ; ranks as top tech m & amp ; a deal ytd17 . spglobaldeals
and we go quickly to mobileye hq for a comment from the ceo on intel 's offer to buy the company for a whopping 42 t
intel will pay 63.54 for each mobileye share intc mbly
riding the crest of ride sharing uber vs. lyft vs. didi aapl bmwyy f tm gm vlkay
@jfahmy could be . i 'm sure ceos are loath to take less if they have any leverage . something tells me the pattern wo n't hold if twtr sells .
semi 's continue to be the hot item of the year nvda amd mu
stocks mixed at the open . led by chips . mbly intc . fed rate hike this week . yields at 2.59 % 10yr . strong economy . good bull conditions .
three years ago today , amazon raised the price of a prime membership from 79 to 99 . amzn 's stock price has increased 130 % since then .
should n't tsla have bigger bid on ai deal for mbly if that 's 1 of these strategic value drivers for the stock ( bc its not auto deliveries )
intel to buy driverless technology firm mobileye for 15.3 billion intc
rt @delrey : three years ago today , amazon raised the price of a prime membership from 79 to 99 . amzn 's stock price has increased 130 % si
rt @wallstjesus : top bullish activity early in eca -- call buying detected in emr nvda dvn
fed ahead : rate hike odds near 90 % after friday 's strong jobs report spy uso vxx gld
the total value of the brandz top 100 most valuable chinese brands has risen 13 % to 525.6bn
intc ceo tells @squawkalley that neither automakers nor tech firms have edge in developing autonomous-cars . `` we plan to be partners . ''
intc to buy mbly , twtr heavy call vol , snap puts vs shorting @angiemiles w @louiswinthrop s & amp ; fed
intc ceo on buying mbly : `` this differentiates us . we will have everything end-to-end with autonomous-drive cars . ''
index shake-ups boosts shares of amd , raymond james amd are fslr urbn fslr rjf spy
rt @lebeaucarnews : intc ceo tells @squawkalley there are two keys to autonomous cars : mbly to see roads . intc will be brains processing
intc ceo tells @squawkalley there are two keys to autonomous cars : mbly to see roads . intc will be brains processing what 's happening .
blackberry shares +1.6 % after mobileye deal pushes up valuation for qnx platform bbry bb.to
intel revs up smart car competition with 15.3b purchase of mobileye : intc mbly
current unusual options activity svu mu axdx xom see full list
stocks : today 's market leaders by price volume mbly aapl baba nvda full list
intc acquired mbly today for 15b . a lesson on how sometimes it pays to think big , dream big , work hard , and market eventually appreciates
hitting all-time highs : fb googl
apple 's iphone upgrade program could be good news for iphone x aapl
rt @nasdaq : nasdaq proudly celebrates the 31st listing anniversary of a true disruptor in technology , @microsoft ! msft
nasdaq proudly celebrates the 31st listing anniversary of a true disruptor in technology , @microsoft ! msft
this analyst has five suggestions for @gileadsciences to boost its stock price gild
wait and see : stocks steady ahead of a jam-packed week ms
celg ... running
nvda the powerful option strategy
everybody loves nflx
with more than 7,000 skills and counting , developers have really taken to the echo amzn
mbly surged more than 28 % today after news of a 15.3 billion deal with intc -- a massive leg up for intel on driverless car tech
it 's been 104 days since spx or djia saw a 1 % daily fall via @mdecambre
nasdaq pushed 14 points higher today thanks to gains from fb , which hit a new all-time high facebook closingbell
markets right now : us stocks xxx mbly fcx mrk see here
how is demand for the iphone 8 looking ? aapl
intel to buy autonomous-driving company mobileye for 15.3 billion intc mbly ( tendenze ) via @wsj
goodnight , sweet prince poll : vrx will shares of valeant be higher or lower than 10.65 by today s close ?
gold is getting close to a contrarian buy signal , says @mktwhulbert gld
rt @benzinga : 5 stocks to watch for march 14 , 2017 bont dsw hds rt vrx
5 stocks to watch for march 14 , 2017 bont dsw hds rt vrx
fit and gpro ca n't find footing . so sad both products are amazing . twtr only tech company i think can turn this around ( long ) .
watch these 7 huge put purchases in tuesday trade agn cnc exp wll vmc hain ph
rt @danbudwick : . @allergan agn & amp ; @editasmed edit - r & amp ; d alliance to discover/develop crispr genome editing meds for eye diseases
good aapl strategy
stocks open lower across the board led by energy . my pipelines are getting cheap ... move higher in disney on upgrade and tesla dis tsla
markets are finally pricing in 3 fed rate hikes in 2017 , but are they ready for this ? jpm
casino 's with the follow through , and a little bit more today mgm wynn lvs
jnug dks akao focus so far innl potential rebound vrx watching sub vwap and rgse if 1.50 gets a move otherwise avoid
aapl acts well
nibbled a lit more nflx here . long from yesterday 's
baba acts well . most of us got long yesterday . staying with it . could have also added red and traded more around it
@juleshyman @ericbalchunas the shot looked great ! i think you looked talking ugaz . but i am biased bc i am a smart beta tuesday fan boy
mobileye purchase is a critical step in intel 's transformation beyond just a pc company intc mbly
how do i find penny stocks pre-spike ? learn how i do it time and again fb twtr
allergan is paying 90 million to editas for rights to the five gene-editing programs agn edit
rt @endpts : agn antes up 90m in a crispr/cas9 collaboration with edit on eyedisease biotech biopharma by @jo
buythedip algos kicking in ... . spy
arna reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.01 eps and +0.53m revs compared to ws
valeant pharmaceuticals is back in the news again , or did it ever leave ? vrx
nvidia s once hot stock can drive higher again mbly intc nvda
everybody thinks self-driving cars when talking of mobileye , but its fastest growth now is in trucking . mbly intc
celg up in a down market is exactly why this option strategy has worked
tsla absolutely , must know about tesla and trading calls
rt @businessinsider : amazon offers spanish-language option amzn
amazon offers spanish-language option amzn
amazon offers spanish-language option amzn by @biintelligence
here is my scenario table for dollar and spx with the fomc rate decision ahead . will expound in my strategy video
rt @tomterrarosa : how apache may be quietly funding the evaluation of its massive alpine high discovery apa pe x
why apple is the biggest winner of trump 's infrastructure plan aapl igf
wells fargo sees fedex more likely to deliver gains than ups fdx ups
here 's how facebook stock is doing . fb
the secret 's out : apple 's next big thing - aapl
today 's most active options bac vrx dal aapl see more
check out this hot student he 's truly been on fire fb twtr
calling into @halftimereport now on vrx
tradingview : where social media meets the markets twtr
day after citron states they 're flat tsla we get the momo action . nice .
congratulations to gs ' anilu vazquez-ubarri on being selected as one of @fortunemagazine s 50 most powerful latina
spy - rangebound trading till fomc -
technically speaking : market review & amp ; sector update as we wrap up q1 : by @lanceroberts spy
wall street largely applauded the deal intc mbly
the spx is running 180 days above the 200-day moving average . surpasses oct 2014 - jul 2015 run :
wells fargo 's @davidmaris on @halftimereport now talking what ackman exit means for vrx
top stocks to watch today ( march 14 , 2017 ) : vrx gman gman
rt @lamonicabuzz : googl hit all-time high today . must be everyone on east coast staying home watching youtube & amp ; searching for shoveling ti
googl hit all-time high today . must be everyone on east coast staying home watching youtube & amp ; searching for shoveling tips & amp ; weather info .
the spx is enjoying an incredible and historic streak :
why alibaba , tencent have at least 65 % upside @shuli_ren baba
yesterday was a nice add on nflx . it 's upgraded this morning . 145 is the major pivot area to clear .
spx futures +5 as it held the 21day again ahead of the fed . 2354-2358 is now key support . pivot resistance 2378 then 2384
good morning . mixed/quiet markets ahead of the fed . europe is slightly higher . asia flattish . spx futures up 5
rt @mktinflections : thank you @seeitmarket and @andrewnyquist for publishing our most recent research report on the russell 2000 iwm tf 
@gasbuddyguy the flip side of buying lots of planes is , as the ceo admits , aal has more debt . @americanair
rate hike wednesday - how will the markets react ? fed yellen tza tasr xom sqqq spy --
why alibaba and tencent have at least 65 % upside baba techy via @barronsasia
snap hits fresh post-ipo low on latest bearish call , apple gets new price target hike snap aapl crm ctxs nflx
at jpmorgan conference , ceo says aal is out-investing dal and ual . @americanair
rt @thestreet : after seeing its stock plunge an uncharacteristic 18 % last year , nike 's stock is set to run : nke
tsla nice follow through
kass : next move in s & amp ; p spx could look a lot like valeant vrx @tomkeene @davidgura @dougkass
retail : monthly data do n't matter . online grew 15 % ly ( vs 2.9 % overall ) . e-comm ~10 % total & amp ; amzn is the only good
vrx higher the better - all i see is shorts on the name hopefully squeeze them out and give us a good opportunity for back side again
video game stocks have been in serious rally mode . new battlefield1 dlc is amazing . bigger margins on add ons . take a look . ea atvi
nflx the secret is profiting from the stock just `` not going down a lot '' - and it 's a huge
big winner of intel-mobileye deal : blackberry ? bbry intc mbly
twtr goes below 15 for the first time in almost a year . nearing all time lows again . re ( ? ) : @sacca 's word yesterd
rt @leutholdgroup : any new djia high after today puts bullmarket in 1 spot for longevity , ousting 1921-29 bull . gain since mar . 09 is i
airline dip buy action by wiseguys looking solid this from the morning . dal luv
live : trump 's fondness for goldman sach executives - gs
russian intelligence officers indicted in massive yahoo hack yhoo via @nypost via @jamescovert1
apple 's airpods are the first mass market 'hearable ' aapl
rt @wallstjesus : quiet morning but some bull sweepers surface & gt ; & gt ; dal hal rig pnr nugt -- retail c buying running a bit on hot side as
an analyst bumps his aapl target by 10 % and barely mentions the iphone . via @barronsnext
fb coming back to life a bit here too . seeing the same look across a few of the favored names
snappy nugt and gold miner sharpies making out like bandits post rate hike .
fed says economic activity has continued to expand at 'moderate ' pace , household spending has continued to rise moderately spy
fed expects inflation to stabilize ~2 % over medium term , near-term risks to econ outlook appear roughly balanced spy
fed raises benchmark interest rate from 0.75-1.00 % spy
micky d 's expects the option to be available in roughly 20,000 restaurants worldwide mcd
yep . apple just slayed another all-time high . and right after the fed 's interest rate hike . it 's up 21 % ytd . aapl
i 'm still in nflx . not adding 145 area . but it looks good . take trades and trail some if u are in with me from monday
for you risk takers : aapl how to get aggressively long apple with options
amazon , can you hear our thoughts ? prime now to deliver booze on demand amzn
avgo how to profit with options
googl the mighty google has been a huge winner with options simply by not collapsing .
aapl now above 140.27 pivot . weekly-monthly highs . still long
spy held above it with a 238.22 pivot showing some commitment to that move
rt @lisahopeking : chatting with msft office 365 gm bryan goode at 3:20 pm et . whadya wan na know ? @cheddar cheddarlive
here 's how apple stock is doing today . aapl
wan na know how i make 2,000 per day ? watch this and find out fb twtr
rt @melissaleecnbc : spx session high tlt session high gld session high
red line shows how spy has been above the 21day . & amp ; the last upper line 238ish was spot 2 add longs or cover shorts
spx session high tlt session high gld session high
apple hits new all-time high as goldman highlights positive iphone data out of china , taiwan aapl
rt @thestreet : these 3 amazing new sneakers prove nike is still the most innovative sportswear company alive : nke
rt @thestreet : micky d 's expects the option to be available in roughly 20,000 restaurants worldwide mcd
here 's a 1-minute chart of the s & amp ; p 500 spy today . spot the big move .
the d word is prominent in bank of america s ceo letter and that could be a good thing ( by @rickrothacker ) bac
@benioff is not going to overpay for anything , good for crm shareholders ...
. @netflix is investing heavily in international expansion and original content . nflx
swks aapl ( long both ) how to profit from apple 's supply chain with options
iwm ( russell ) , cheers ! ( no one seems to signal buy when they 're on sale )
aapl has been above the 8/21day all of 2017. and each line is the start of more upside . `` simplify it '' sometimes
the digital boom in a few charts - ( new blog post ) amzn aapl
small caps iwm reclaimed the 50day with force . xle reclaimed the 200day ( with less force ) . no we see if they hold above them
spy cleared 238.15ish to resume the uptrend after holding the 21day . yesterday pivot high is 239.44 then ath 240.32
spx futures up 6 after the fed gave a little bit of everything the world wanted . it cleared 2375 to get back ok track . 2400 next spot
good morning . mostly green arrows around the world . europe , dax+1.1 % cac+.82 % ftse+.9 % . asia yuge session hk+2.08 % shanghai+.8 % spx futs+6
amazon : most popular items bought on prime now : bananas , h2o , eggs & amp ; gummy bears ! really ? booze on that list soon ! amzn deliv . beer in oh
i 'm sure this chart pattern looks similar to charts i tell everyone to print on weekends . helps with the world 's mo
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures gain ahead of economic data spy uso dg ges gpro orcl ges
today on premarket prep : @danzanger at 8:15 ; @andreicherny at 8:35 ; plus snap , gpro , tsla , m , orcl and more !
rt @gigabarb : icymi : coke looks to google to boost retail sales ko goog
icymi : coke looks to google to boost retail sales ko goog
twitter 's `` hidden gem mopub , whose headcount is growing + rev growing faster than rest of twtr ( by @coryweinberg )
still in nflx
down to half aapl and sold some nvda . still in both
alexa ! is it time for amzn to wake up and take out 857 ? then 860 and join the rally ?
rt @fhoro : i always start with the balance sheet tsla @ophirgottlieb
rt @options : how to profit from aapl supply chain with options : @ophirgottlieb
remember my 1 top penny stock trading tip ! never forget this fb twtr
rt @evanmedeiros : financials participating today , xlf testing above yesterdays highs . mult-day resistance at this 25 area
guess i should buy spx on my birthday ...
rt @theinformation : twitter 's `` hidden gem mopub , whose headcount is growing + rev growing faster than rest of twtr ( by @coryweinberg ) htt
big names are n't big in this tech etf , but big returns are ryt xlk aapl csco v
youtube bets big on esports : googl
rt @cnbcfastmoney : here 's the updated bracket for fastmoneymadness ! tonight the reigning champion @guyadami will take on @davidseaburg for
analyst : the top tech stock is n't apple , alphabet or amazon - it 's skyworks solutions swks aapl amzn goog xlk
facebook in hate-crime clash with mps claims it s fixed abuse review tool | ars technica fb
tesla shares were up 3.3 % to 264.07 tsla
gold etf follows through on wednesday 's rally gld
what jabil circuit 's earnings report means for apple : jbl aapl
icymi : bank of america s top executives received big raises last year , new filing shows bac @bankofamerica
rt @mktsinsider : here 's how bank of america stock is doing . bac
adobe is building an ai to automate web design . should you worry ? adbe
here 's how bank of america stock is doing . bac
rt @lisahopeking : happy thursday ! midday news and markets update from @nyse - gpro , tsla , fb , goos , orcl @cheddar cheddarlive
untrue that close gs ties to government mean favoritism , says lloyd blankfein just the opposite , in fact
any reason why fit up 7 % today ? not seeing company specific news . seems silly to buy on the gpro layoff bump , right ? did i miss something ?
rt @stocktwits : 3 of the most important tops and bottoms in market history have happened during the month of march :
rt @options : earnings start next month , so let 's look at a long calendar spread to `` control '' iv in aapl . @tradek
aapl all-time high
pay attention to the banks , right now . - bac if you trade options in the big banks , know this
aapl this apple options trade is printing cash right now
amzn how to optimize owning calls in amazon
spx if you 're a premium seller , the low vix still left huge wins in out of the money put spreads via @cmlviz
can you actually become a millionaire in the stock market ? the answer is yes but with enough work fb twtr
rt @zerofiltertruth : twtr is in fact shipping product : latest update that easily gives one choice view their tweets or tweets & amp ; replies is
@adamsinger snap and twtr are both dirt cheap right now . low risk . the only way to go is up !
earnings preview : nike , inc. q3 2017 nke
stubble is not grown , it is earned at gs
jeff kilburg is bullish on gold gld jnug
chinese internet stocks lead market : this one hit a buy point baba momo yhoo tcehy wb yy
rt @jowens510 : 2 views of tesla 's `` small '' 1.15b capital raise : - wow , model 3 must be going great ! - oh , so tsla will do it again
tesla raises money , but will it be enough ? tsla
2 views of tesla 's `` small '' 1.15b capital raise : - wow , model 3 must be going great ! - oh , so tsla will do it again
aapl making apple covered calls work better
tsla maximizing returns and minimizing risk in long tesla calls
it 's not all doom and gloom in retail . good businesses like ulta can still thrive . see the market notes :
spx vix talk about low vix all you want , premium selling is up 249 % vs spx 28 % via @cmlviz
breaking : adobe systems adbe q1 revenue , 1.68b vs. 1.65b expected
breaking : adobe systems adbe q1 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) beats estimates , 0.94 vs. 0.87 expected
dow winners today : ibm , axp , gs , hd , ko
adbe turning adobe into an option winner with less risk - it 's in the nooks and crannies
ibmers are joining this campaign in support of `` diversity [ and ] inclusiveness '' @ibm ibm
adobe surges after breaking several records in q4 adbe
oracle 's cloud sales trigger buying frenzy as investors start to wonder if orcl can one day catch crm & amp ; amzn :
adobe might have one of the prettiest charts i 've ever seen adbe
great work by samueladam who takes the win for adbe beating 127 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
adbe reports fq1 earnings of 94c eps and 1.68b revs -
adobe adbe 1st qtr results beat on eps & amp ; revenue us 1.68b . share price up 3 % afterhours tech ausbiz adobe
adobe hit record intraday and closing prices thursday , then rose even higher after earnings beat expectations .
adobe reports record revenue : adbe
today s stocks winners : tsla , gpro , orcl
adbe moving higher on earnings and revenue beat . coming up we 'll get reaction from its ceo !
to the cloud ! part two . orcl impressed yesterday with results . today , it 's adobe 's turn . beat on earnings & amp ; sales . adbe up 3 % after hours .
why the amzn stock price is not too high to buy investing amazon
5 stocks to watch for march 17 , 2017 adbe cal tif tnp vrx
john kernan examines retail online traffic winners & amp ; losers . report today looks at longer-term trends ads.gr fl hbi ges skx fit ua
looks like azn is selling aclidinium us rights to cir.l for 50m equity up front , having bought them ( & amp ; daliresp ) for 700m from agn
based on reviews , avoid ironfist ? well , still need to watch season 2 of daredevil & amp ; luke cage . too much nflx/ dis/marvel . too little time .
leprechauns , gold and positive reversals - dragonfly capital gc_f gld
leprechauns , gold and positive reversals - dragonfly capital.. gc_f gld
adobe 's premium valuation is warranted ; wunderlich upgrades to buy adbe
fb deeply focused on profitability and growth ; not snap . but snap 's okay at 17
tsla deal upsized and it 's trading higher again
@steveeasterbrk major shamrock shake shout-out ! mcd stock-all time highs coming
adobe systems takes the cake in terms of growing the company 's addressable market adbe
shares of adbe hit a new all-time high after the company easily topped wallstreet expectations .
shares of vrx added more than 4.9 % after hedgefund valueact purchased 500k shares .
closed adbe mar/apr 125 call calendar for 1.40
we found that 99 % of millennial using venmo , there are no fees . and they are starting to support merchants . big disruption to cc . pypl
stocks to watch : tif shines on beat , vrx is getting some love , adbe does it again
stocks a little higher . tesla continues to rise tsla . snapchat continues to fall . 19.50 now snap
amgen 's money back guarantee is n't winning over pcsk9 skeptics this morning -- amgn regn mdco - bam !
ballsy bets a few days before expiration ... vrx
rebound in mcdonald 's comps continues to accelerate mcd
tbt it s easy to say , we put patients first . ' at regn , we try to live that . dr. leonard schleifer @jpm2017
.. @thirdgenwidget & gt ; once a week i wish i could go back and start twtr from scratch w/ an alias . you know @ivanthek is kelly evans ? true story
rt @benthefidler : with new data , amgen promises refund if cholesterol drug doesn t work amgn regn acc17
gadfly 's denning : tesla 's cash raise is an 'appetizer ' designed to 'leave you hungry for more ' tsla
sbux players might be cakin today .
youtube has made its biggest esports investment yet goog
my bank of choice is bac but always nice opps across jpm c wfc as well xlf - very nice this am so far !
rt @lizrhoffman : goldman ceo lloyd blankfein got 10 % pay cut in 2016. total package worth 20.2 million in year of lower revenue gs
explains those great gs teeth
this is what makes adobe the best large-cap stock in its space adbe
markets right now : us stocks open slightly higher tif adbe amgn dji read more
spx trading the index options , with risk aversion in mind , has led to 9x returns
tsla add and stop raised .
success stories with facebook , t-mobile and others keep adobe stock a core holding adbe fb tmus
i must warn you about using the wrong brokers it 's such a risky game these days fb twtr
guess which global banking giant has an on-call ethicist ? nice weekend read from
nike does n't get affected by retail turmoil , expect healthy results in q3 nke
bac this is edge -- and this is why it makes money with options
fb the subtle option trade that is crushing it
tsla what you absolutely must know about tesla and trading options
swks aapl how to profit from this tech marvel
these 3 big restaurant stocks are closing in on buy points mcd sbux dri dnkn
rt @seanansmith : big stock movers ! check out final round at 4p on @yahoofinance for more on nflx amzn cmg
gs ' edith cooper shares advice on navigating change in your career
celg trading options in celgene ( long )
live : check out all the stpatricksday foods sold today mcd kkd
mcdonald 's just made this one dramatic change to its hamburgers at even more stores : mcd
adbe turning adobe into an option winner while taking less risk
us stocks listless , still on pace for another winning week adbe amgn
nvda pivot points - resistance : 106.22 current : 105.13 support : 100.11 chart -- & gt ;
5 ways to beat others in the stock market and get ahead competition is healthy fb twtr
kelly sat down with top investor glenn greenberg of brave warrior advisors - chatting deregulation , financials & amp ;
amazon may be unable to achieve the same dominance in cloud it enjoys in retail amzn googl msft
apple patents 'earbuds with biometric sensing' - aapl
jim cramer : starbucks is cheap if growth accelerates later this year - sbux ( long )
alibaba 's under-the-radar technical breakout baba
analyst : good q1 for adobe , but valuation already reflects most potential for growth adbe
go adbe !
rt @wallstjesus : active flow in individual names : bac aapl nvda snap tsla amd fb baba amgn msft nflx gm gm aal vrx gild m
battery capacity over the years : how will goodenough 's new invention stack up ? aapl ddaif fit googl tsla sne
shake shack : not done yet ? shak cmg pnra bwld sonc via @ben_levisohn
rt @barronstechblog : snap : lots of engagement , not a lot of advertising , says mizuho survey - tech trader daily - barron 's snap twtr
`` the automotive industry and the tech industry are converging at a rapid pace '' intc mbly
us stocks hold steady , on pace for another winning week amgn adbe
netflix has done something awesome that all house of cards fan will love nflx
ross levinsohn is cautious on netflix because of apple aapl amzn nflx
ulta stock is outperforming netflix nflx - now see what the options are doing
added arnc 27.75 , rcl 98.37 and ffiv apr 150 calls 3.35
rt @keystonecfp : spx markets according to katy perry @hussmanjp @jessefelder @northmantrader @lanceroberts @thebubblebubble
rt @arkindu : nvda and paccar working together on autonomous trucks .
the market 's closed for the week so it 's study time , see these 2 free webinars take good notes fb twtr
. @mcdonald 's franchisees , seeking a board seat , will get a shareholder vote : @cahillonbiz reports mcd
high options volume today , relative to avg : amgn , jd , cfg , adbe , fcau , ewc , eca , mdco , ally powered by
stocks : today 's market leaders by price volume aapl amgn msft amzn see full list
if mkts are complacent long enough , caution will be thrown to the wind . nyse leverage moving back to record vs spx
rt @investorslive : you 'd think they wanted to close aapl at exactly 140 @sanglucci lol
opex is over ! spx spy have a great weekend everyone ! go ucla
dragonfly capital top 10 performance march 17 , 2017 arnc cy ffiv and more spy
. @cathiedwood says nvda , tsla stocks are important in the autonomous driving space
how intel intc hopes to avoid another acquisition fail with mobileye deal
rt @stockstotrade : remember- small profits add up over time ! this trader made a nice profit paper trading . not bad for his 1st time ! stock
despite all the buzz around autonomous cars , these 3 stocks poised to benefit have lost traction . f bidu dlph
mulesoft ceo wants to build the 'salesforce of software integration ' mule crm
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time highs at 55 stocks . industrial , tech , conscyc & amp ; financials lead . xli xlk xly xlf
rt @riskreversal : for more on the c trade idea i just detailed on @optionsaction -- - & gt ;
the ftse all-world index hit new all-time highs today . you can not ignore this ftse dax djia
a few reasons why you should own netflix nflx
rt @optionsaction : shares of nike making a huge comeback this year , so here 's how @michael_khouw is trading the stock for profits ! nke htt
shares of nike making a huge comeback this year , so here 's how @michael_khouw is trading the stock for profits ! nke
gs is thrilled to be among the finalists -- twice -- for the 2017 shortyawards cc @shortyawards @adweek
@thakursush i meant in our office . 20 out of 20. i put the 1 % in there . venmo is huge . pypl how will this effect sq
rt @optionsaction : banks under pressure today but @riskreversal is still making money on citigroup , here 's how ! c
rt @stocktwits : the ftse all-world index hit new all-time highs today . you can not ignore this ftse dax djia
aapl increases its china presence ; amzn 's latest foray into fashion : tech roundup
rt @austenallred : tsla is up 46 % since then . thanks @elonmusk and @teslamotors team
rt @wallstjesus : friday 's active etf flow & gt ; & gt ; spy iwm qqq vxx eem efa xlf gld gdx ewz uvxy jnug xop uso nugt gdxj tlt hyg
@jesseproudman i did n't say otherwise . interesting lineup . plus marc benioff . the ibm crm love fest continues
nvda and the power of options
apple s next big thing : augmented reality tech augmentedreality aapl
here 's how facebook stock is doing ahead of the opening bell . fb
jim cramer shares his thoughts on mcewen mining , chipotle and allegheny aa ati cmg mux
rt @jeffmacke : sfm up 5 % on merger talks . sprout shares 23 % last wk . on 2-days of 8x normal volume . why even have insider trading laws ? w
tim arcuri sees ~110m overall units for three new aapl phone models this year . detailed update published today
sfm up 5 % on merger talks . sprout shares 23 % last wk . on 2-days of 8x normal volume . why even have insider trading
the little bear on a scooter that shows up on the baidu food delivery app is just too cute . bidu tech
icymi from sunday : ibm and wanda group team up in chinese cloud effort
@ft : gs , hedgefunds invest in iceland bank after crisis-era controls lifted .
dragonfly capital - 4 trades to soar with boeing : bonus idea ba spy
a beautiful debut for disney 's latest , and albertsons goes shopping - today 's stocks to watch : dis sfm wfm
iphone8 , growing services business predicted to increase shares of aapl by 10 %
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet db qcom
how facebook is laying siege to snapchat fb snap
22 stocks moving in monday 's premarket acia apri ddc ctmx nktr espr feye sfm tops mdgs pulm gnmx avgo
chinese startup gets funding for amazon warehouse robot clone - and alibaba s a big fan
what does your watchlist look like today ? here are 8 stocks one trader is watching and why : tsla aapl
`` we are outspending delta and we can catch them '' aal dal
pressure on @jack dorsey could be positive for twitter shareholders twtr
more on the vrx saga , as it looks like ubben et al is left footing most of the lawsuit costs
ulta mastering option trading in ulta - even better than nflx
the total value of china 's 100 most valuable brands has grown 6 % to 557.1 billion baba
rt @stockstotrade : no matter what your setup is , you 're sure to find profit when using stt . stockmarket fb twtr
citing 'powder keg ' w/ coming iphone8 , @cowenandcompany sees shares of aapl reaching 155
bad twitter news . turns out like 50 mil 'users ' are fake . we knew this . remember the election . twitter bots . fake engagement . fraud twtr
aapl 3/4 of the way to fulfilling its manifest destiny
netflix is one of the only true large-cap growth stories in media nflx
shares of apple got to a new high today of 141.34 . once aapl hits 142.96 , then its market cap will be 3/4th of a trillion dollars .
what if @apple adopts 3d sensing for iphone8 ? aapl intc mst oled via @barronsasia
rt @technical420 : emblem reaches major milestone ... . emc emmbf @wolfofweedst @chistocks @alanweedspan @potstocks1 @ellenychang
nvda responded well to reclaiming the 8/21/50 day . those were spots to buy . now i would take some profits 108- 110 . not chase
@thealexbente all good with nvda . they have lots going for it . vr
premarket prep recap : major volatility at friday 's close , why disney is in for a big quarter espr dis nke feye
need the latest smartphone os sales market data in your country ? find our interactive chart here aapl googl msft
can anything stop apple ? aapl up 1 % today . new all-time high . stock now up 22 % ytd . market value is more than 740 billion .
snap : finally , some love ! it 's a 'software-enabled portal , ' says monness crespi snap twtr
wall street swings to gains as apple hits record-high aapl
when it comes to discovering new tunes , am/fm radio still trumps streaming services fb goog googl p siri
aapl breaks out above pivot points - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
nvda just made enormous progress in owning the self-driving car world - ( long )
nvda the powerful option strategy up 241 % that does n't even need the stock to rise
nflx a must know options strategy in netflix
rt @stocktwits : the blue line shows the semiconductor index . think nvda , mu , and intc . stunning outperformance via @seeitmarket :
aapl all-time high ( long )
us stocks drift in midday trade ; tech gains while banks fall ms m
rt @goldmansachs : gs is thrilled to be among the finalists -- twice -- for the 2017 shortyawards cc @shortyawards
wall street swings to gains as apple hits record-high aapl
coming into its tuesday evening earnings report , @nike stock is up 14 % . nke
rt @economichedge : empirically the market is overdue of a correction . you can ride the train for so long before you run out of track . spy
rt @wallstjesus : agn opening call buyer detected
shares in all five carriers were modestly higher on monday morning dal aal ual
the trend in manufacturing spending is good news for skyworks aapl swks
data amzn gets from millions of alexa devices is comparable to what a 16-year-old might have heard during their yo
fast money tech picks : buy facebook , watch for netflix takeover nflx dis fb googl xlk
this is by far the best chatroom right now and yes it even surprised me ! fb twtr
dis +0.9 % after beauty and the beast sets new march box office records . cat and nke the other big gainers in the djia today .
tsla there is an exceptionally smart way to buy calls in tesla , so _if_ you 're right on direction , you crush it .
gs ' clif marriott : 2nd & amp ; 3rd gen euro entrepreneurs are returning home & amp ; helping fuel the continent s tech scene :
investors here 's what we think you should be keeping your eye on for the week ahead : fdx gis nke
nflx how to master the upside with options
`` we are outspending delta and we can catch them '' aal dal
rt @options : short put spreads and stop losses can be huge winners : amzn case study @ophirgottlieb
how i constructed this rare but immensely powerful win in amzn options * 25 delta * short put spread _with_ stop
apple s next big thing : augmented reality @markgurman via @technology aapl
aapl the close makes a new ath h/t @canuck2usa
the market 's closed so study this free video such good lesson , also read fb twtr
capital market laboratories - aapl options backtest from cml trademachine via @cmlviz
amazon close to breaking wal-mart record for subsidies ( by @mjbologna ) amzn
capital market laboratories - amzn options backtest from cml trademachine via @cmlviz
nike 's previous 4 prints pave way for a grand slam addyy nke uaa
podcast : breaking news @misskennedys quits snap chat..chanos 4 wisconnson fb cvx
rt @abjtech : . @amd stock surges in wake of bullish analyst 's report on new microchips , @myabj : amd intc atx atx
rt @jfahmy : to improve your investing , you have to dedicate the time : spy qqq iwm dia
. @starbucks baristas joining this campaign say they want a sustainable and bettercup tobeapartner sbux
rt @stocktwits : the s & amp ; p 500 has n't had a 10 % correction in 275 days the spx also has n't dropped 1 % intraday in 108 days
member video : 1358 vrx memp nktr amgn nails & amp ; good 'ol espr making me try all day
rt @usatodaytech : 'any new device launch bumps the stock aapl hits high on hardware buzz
any new device launch bumps the stock aapl hits high on hardware buzz
must-watch : the growing power of twitter - @jaketapper asks @chuckgrassley why he tweets at @potus @realdonaldtrump
amzn the hyper risk protected option strategy that crushed it
aapl has been above the 8day for all of 2017 with so many nice tradable adds and an awesome swing trade
good morning . small green arrows around the world . europe a bit . in asia the shanghai+.35 % hk+.37 % . spx futures up 5
spx trading the index options -- has led to 9x returns
plenty of shorts cud be +ve for gld pound pumps it up after inflation beats forecasts ; 1.2450 and counting via @ft
rt @wallstjesus : momo-call sweepers not giving up here , still has juice left .. aapl
apple india : 100 mini stores , big prices aapl amzn via @defotis
the apple store website is down , suggesting an imminent product launch aapl
yes it is . i 'm long amzn for a new traceable swing . i will also like to add if we get a high volume close above 
fb up nearly 1 % premarket . are there any facebook bears left out there ?
rt @richbtig : stayed on the sidelines too long ; upgrading @facebook back to buy with 175 price target fb
rt @biuk_tech : the apple store website is down , suggesting an imminent product launch aapl
bank of america , herbalife , micron , netflix : @cnbcfastmoney picks for march 21 bac hlf mu nflx
stayed on the sidelines too long ; upgrading @facebook back to buy with 175 price target fb
analysts @richbtig & amp ; co admit they got it wrong on facebook fb stock last year ... upgrade now to buy from neutral w/ new 175 price target
rt @daveaurelio : the week in earnings | feb. 24 | 3 spx companies expected to miss q4 earnings next week . @lipper_alpha spy sp500
we saved everyone from twitter while we loved facebook . it 's all here at fb dominating . twtr snap
this is hugely important and a great step for google . they must police youtube . between terrorists and racists . ti
facebook , akamai rated buy , hubspot price target raised , square initiated fb akam sq
stocks start higher as sanity in european politics calms fears everyone has gone mad . facebook to new highs . fb something up with apple .
apple just announced clips , a video app for other social networks . will it catch on ? cheddarlive aapl
oppenheimer weighs in on sprouts farmers as an 'in play ' target abs kr sfm wfm
this is facebook . it just hit new all-time highs . it 's now worth 409 billion . twice the size of walmart . fb :
apple back to a reasonable valuation . they seem to be trying to goose everything they can as they have nothing new . end qtr strong . aapl
fcx teck catching upgrades this morning
apple making some nice moves today . releasing red iphone7 , this will do well . lowering the price of the new ipad and new watch stuff aapl
school board voting tuesday on exxon-saudi petrochemical plant xom sabic exxonmobil
icymi @amd stock surges after bullish analyst report on new microchips , @myabj : amd intc atx atxtech @abjtech
rt @mevans14 : amzn 's landry says voice is not only cool , but essential to the experience for some consumers . just makes sense . shoptalk17
huawei turns to at & amp ; t after failing to crack the u.s. smartphone market with google . t goog
apple +0.7 % , hitting a new record high this morning , after announcing a new version of its ipad . new record high for the ndx also . aapl
rt @ophirgottlieb : amzn this is risk protected and has returned 10-fold amzn stock over 6-months
as aapl continues its march to record highs we take a look at the 4 factors that are driving it ... apple stock
nvidia is making moves to dominate self-driving cars - nvda
rt @stocktwits : this is apple . it just hit 142.80/share . it 's now worth 755 billion . no company has ever been bigger . aapl :
uvxy hello
this is apple . it just hit 142.80/share . it 's now worth 755 billion . no company has ever been bigger . aapl :
google maps finds a way monetize goog
google maps finds a way monetize goog by @biintelligence
twtr so cute 14 handle ... .go team
yawn , just another all-time high jodie ; - ) aapl @jodienarsh thanks doc j @jonnajarian
here 's another blatant penny stock pump i had to expose i hate seeing this kind of bs fb twtr
what a nice first hour open on spy
stocks to watch : aapl unveils ( red ) iphone , wmt new startup , adbe and msft join forces
; - ) aapl @drudge_report boom : apple stock sets fresh record ...
viewfromthefloor w/ @mayaichung : @goldmansachs developing new robo advisor to advise wider client base gs fintech
wiseguys have no problems buying aapl highs :
2017 's biggest hacks ( and it 's only march ) aapl dis fb ssi mcd hbayf cybersecurity
.. @jedimarkus77 spooky accuracy nflx
msft microsoft is going to be sexy again -- how to win with options in microsoft
is retail industry just amzn vs. wmt ? jcp shld m kss tgt all falling again . walmart making new moves to invest digitally vs. amazon .
morgan stanley 's colm kelleher says broad pillars of dodd-frank make a lot of sense ; volcker provision makes a huge amount of sense ms
rt @mylesudland : xlf down 1.6 %
the s & amp ; p 500 just dropped 1 % intraday , bringing to an end the most peaceful market in history . spx
the new iphones may be red but apple investors only seeing green . aapl at all-time high & amp ; up nearly 25 % this year .
ibm stock is up around 12 % since the election . kelly will speak with ibm ceo ginni rometty later today - first on
i do a spx chart each day with thoughts and levels . it 's good to check . especially at the start off the week
x lb uvxy beauties today
apple launches red iphone , and ipad for 329 aapl
bigcall indeed airlines have been one of favorite ideas since 2012. even buffett now has 4 in his top 16 holding
fyi - this was my intro to the oi and analysis above the above stocks that u could have started your week with fb
bac major move today - big big range for this name
ms 's kelleher says q1 `` feels like the fourth-quarter , maybe slightly better '' ( fixed income doing well , equities volumes are down ) ms
facebook 's secular trends toward mobile , accelerating shift of ad dollars fb snap
mr. abe goes to brussels . turnaround tuesday . discussed : cat , cop , v , wtr , bcov , gis investools
`` apple 's [ 246 billion ] cash pile is worth more than all but 13 companies in the s & amp ; p '' @lamonicabuzz aapl @cnnmoney
rt @nanexllc : s & amp ; p 500 futures liquidity for each minute of each trading day so far in 2017. black line is today ( ends `` now '' ) es_f spy htt
4 reasons sacconaghi is even more bullish on apple aapl
rt @chicagobluesky : apple unveils red iphone , cuts price on ipad as aapl stock hits all-time high
chipotle stk is biggest spx gainer , +2.1 % . 3rd of dirs wo n't seek re-election as activitist investor ackman keeps up pressure ^ko
rt @jonnyknews : fb 's hardware ambitions may have much in common with amzn and intc via @thestreet
wow the dia spy qqq are really speeding up to the downside , finally ! glad i warned longs in chat earlier today , do n't try to be a hero !
interesting spy
financials sector remains credit suisse 's highest-conviction overweight ibb spy xlf
interest rate hikes do n't matter until they do ... - blog by @callum_thomas spy
gld how to use options to profit from gold prices and hedge stocks
5 min : watch @alexistvnews @rickjnewman @seanansmith & amp ; @pogue talk cost , amzn , aapl & amp ; today 's midday stock actio
for example , the 2.6 million health & amp ; fitness etf has nike make up 21.43 % of its portfolio nke
today , twitter opened up @periscopeco producer . my breakdown of what live video is on the twtr
rt @timothysykes : these are the 4 best charts you will ever see these make me so happy fb twtr
live : apple unveils new ipad and iphone 7 aapl
live : apple hits new intra-day high - aapl
added mar 31/apr 238 spy call calendars at 89c
rt @stocktwits : this is facebook . it just hit new all-time highs . it 's now worth 409 billion . twice the size of walmart . fb :
spx : buy the dip or sell the rip ? at 1pm , @jstanleyfx is going to look at this most recent run in u.s. equities
new all-time intraday highs for fan which also notched closing highs yesterday but not g. fb amzn nflx googl
rich greenfield : `` meaningful growth leg via @instagram stories '' one of the catalysts we cited in dec for why fb would trade thru 130
apple iphone 8s likely to have 3d sensors : aapl
nke : buy , sell , or hold ? @jkrinskypga : `` nike can work on the upside here ''
rt @halftimereport : . @richbtig : `` how can you not own fb here ? ''
@apple is investing heavily in augmented reality , bloomberg @business reports aapl
what an amazing market to watch , massive flows like clock-work buying the dip . spy
bulls in aapl & amp ; fb , cmg weeklys @angiemiles w @bubba_trading fdx diagonal & amp ; nke earnings
so far , the biggest red candle of the year for spy today
wow . aapl up 25 % this year . cnnmoney
will nke bring its a-game for its upcoming earnings release ?
rt @cnbcclosingbell : ibm stock is up around 12 % since the election . kelly will speak with ibm ceo ginni rometty later today - first on cnb
a @souq / amzn transaction at 800m would represent ~ 0.20 % of amazon s market cap . no brainer .
spy will it finally have an intra-day dip below 1 % ?
strong momentum in gld all day :
stock market leaders by price volume bac aapl fb amzn jpm googl goog see full list
goldman sachs to expand eu presence ahead of brexit gs
apple 's tradeoff between giving away memory and earning it back through services . via @djtgallagher aapl
@lanceulanoff @cnbcfastmoney not sure . this clearly shows aapl is one of the most innovative companies on earth . maybe they need more ram ?
rt @lamonicabuzz : what the heck is going on with bofa ? all banks down today . but bac is down more than 5 % . it had rallied the most before
3 tips for you to trade stocks without spending one dollar you can start asap fb twtr
why stock market should care about obamacare vote via @barronsonline @realdonaldtrump spy dia
spx poised for first 1 % since october .
apple could lose its world 's biggest public company crown in 2018 to an ipo ? ! ? aapl
rt @charliebilello : the risk of a crash has never been higher ? new post . spx
current unusual options activity urbn bac hd mo see full list
icymi : tesla / solarcity unit - confirmed , undisclosed sec investigation tsla
rt @cnbcclosingbell : coming up on @powerlunch kelly will interview ibm 's ceo..and she 'll have even more w/ ginni later on closing bell ! st
tune in now @cnbc on ibm
iwm put sweepers from before the bounce , should be looking nice again now :
video : gs ' hatzius discusses march s much anticipated rate hike on strength of solid employment data .
remember when the nasdaq composite index hit a record intraday high ? it was 9:36 am et today qqq
rt @loubasenese : signs the contrarian trade in aapl since summer 2016 ( under 100 ) is coming to an end
rt @brendanjcahill : peter faircy : @amazon marketplace sells 50 % of all amzn sales , in 189 countries around the world shoptalk17
podcast : electronics ban on airplanes . aal vix dks atvi urbn aapl amzn
rt @drpaulydesantis : drug spend ( % of total healthcare spend ) has remained between 9-12 % since 2000 vs 55-60 % for professional services & amp ; h
rt @humonthemarkets : the last time djia closed down at least 1 % was back on oct 11. it was at 18129 then , and is at 20715 now ... .still up
even the aapl bears are coming around to the idea of an iphone 8 super cycle :
this is a good chart . intra-day of the s & amp ; p 500 and the xlf . the financials have just eroded .
i see this and think back to @tyrangiel getting us new macbooks @bw . i 've since bought maybe a dozen aapl products
10 steps to become a stock market millionaire watch this closely and take notes please fb twtr
rt @pjgoodfellow : up from 70k a year ago amzn shoptalk17
shares of facebook are trading up over 20 % year-to-date to about 140 fb
tesla s handicap now looks like an advantage via @barronsnext tsla
rt @courtreagan : @amazon making a pitch to brands at shoptalk17 to list on the site . fulfillment services , customer service mgmt , delivery
rt @mevans14 : faricy of amzn says brands want access to world-class fulfillment and support services . amazon helps companies go global . 
gene munster talks about apple 's new video making app aapl snap
c -2 % gs -3 % bac -5 % here s how @riskreversal said to play c
they could n't hold onto the gains as broader market slumped . but aapl goog fb amzn nflx each hit all-time highs earlier today .
aapl stock climbed to record highs today . we take a look at why @warrenbuffett quadrupled his holdings back in feb
pro : the trump rally may have come to an end spy
get ready ! nike reports earnings in just a few minutes . it 's already up 15 % this year : nke
look to nke earnings after the market closes today as it has been facing challenges from competition lately . earnings
breaking : nike nke q3 earnings per share ( eps ) , 0.68 vs. 0.53 expected
breaking : nike nke q3 revenue , 8.43b vs. 8.47b expected
facebook : btig upgrades to buy fb via @barronstechblog
. @cnet 's @jetscott tried out clips . he says apple 's new app is designed to be like imovie for social video posts .
adobe , microsoft join forces in sales , marketing software : adbe msft orcl crm
costco announces home delivery , handy for when you do n't want to schlep your bulk items :
nike 's effective tax rate in most recent quarter : 13.8 % nke @realdonaldtrump
rt @callieabost : worth noting that after the may 1995 streak ended , spx gained another 19 % through the end of that year .
well done @mariojosepalma beating 265 other analysts and the wall street consensus to take the win for nke -
this afternoon 's winner for nke is @mariojosepalma who beats 265 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
nke beats the estimize eps consensus by 13c and misses the estimize revenue consensus by 39.57m -
nke reports fq3 earnings of 68c eps and 8.43b revs -
since the pc was invented , demand for semiconductors and data storage has soared . mu is a winner in this space :
@northmantrader hell of a weekly candle on aapl for now ...
great work by analyst_5135597 who takes the win for fdx beating 71 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
fdx reports fq3 earnings of 2.35 eps and 15b revs -
nke higher after reporting earnings . @saraeisen breaking the numbers right now !
spx - [ usdrub ] waiting for bullish signal ... -
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet nke fdx
apple 's 246.1 billion in cash is worth more than all but 13 companies in the s & amp ; p 500 , via @lamonicabuzz aapl
vrx- marc lasry of avenue capital owns senior secured debt of valeant
apple unveils ai-fueled video-sharing app aapl
tech stocks : aapl amzn fb nflx
the world lost chuck barris . rip . the gong show was great . bring it back netflix . nflx
. @cisco ringing the @nasdaq opening bell in celebration of its recent acquisition of @appdynamics ! csco
rt @foxbusiness : financials : bac c jpm wfc gs
rt @randyafrederick : institutional traders were not spooked yesterday ; vix was higher after the 6 point spx drop on 2/28 .
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet nke amzn
rt @jacobawohl : good trading blog spy bac uvxy iwm labd f mu tlt gs tvix jpm labu espr vxx xlf db qqq nke shop amd by j
`` we believe gold prices will eventually trade more in line with real-interest rates again '' says @stefan_wieler gld
iwm small capis : oft asked y i 'm so focused . have n't seen iwm trade thru 100d to downside but once ( wk b4 election ) since 12/'15 bloodbath
bac should look familiar out of gate . best type of action one could ask for after a big down day , gap down market wash on open and rally
rt @atmcharts : qqq leading the pack today . fib levels look :
congrats to @starbucks for celebrating 25 years as a public company . sbux via @zlatimeyer
bac is decent . nice trade so far from 22.60ish . will trim some 23.15 and hold some - gs a little weaker
linkedin spiffs up its news feed with trending news msft fb
rt @wallstjesus : flow leaning bullish but selective buying . sweepers not showing much excitement on call-side yet but some dip buying early
exxon mobil to decide soon on 10b texas petrochemical plant xom sabic @portlandunited
amzn back-test shared by @pateltexas -- 350 % returns selling put spreads .
premarket prep recap , march 21 : the vice index fdx fl nke slw wgo jwn key rf
returns over the last year ... addidas : +70 % nike : -15 % under armour : -57 % addyy nke uaa
3 cheap biotechs with powerhouse pipelines regn celg vrtx
aapl getting long with options , and being smart about it
this is to the nke earnings story and too many outlets ignored or missed it .
nflx it 's ok to get long -- but also be protected -- netflix option winner
amzn this rarely double risk protected option strategy has meant huge returns
nike tanks as q3 results fan flames of adidas ' beast-mode comeback nke addyy uaa
love pip & amp ; streaming pgatour on twtr . bit too `` in your face '' though . * *attempt at reverse psychology as nothing
what s next for perrigo ? that 's vrx joe papa 's old company ...
rt @charliebilello : returns , last 10 years ... amzn : +2044 % wmt : +85 % bby : +15 % tgt : +8 % bbby : -6 % m : -24 % kss : -39 % spls : -57 % jcp
@starbucks faces complaint at annual shareholder meeting about why the company has n't made its cups recyclable . sbux
apple said the 329 price tag for the new 32 gb ipad base model is its `` most affordable price ever . '' aapl
this is how facebook stock is looking ahead of the opening bell . fb
rt @andybiotech : celg jazz rtrx - & gt ; woodcock says at @gopoversight hearing fda received 150 inquiries from generic firms due to restricte
@starbucks has vowed to hire more veterans and military spouses . sbux
snap 's fortunes may be tied to apple and vodaphone snap aapl vod fb
the nasdaq booked a decisive gain as aapl and msft lead the tech rally comp
bullish set up still in place , but caution still warranted gdx
rt @teamcoworker : `` retail partners are just as important as corporate partners . '' baristas on paidleave sbux sbu
spy range continues to widen as beaten down names catch a bid | home on the range |
rt @kevinkellyrecon : i explain what skew is , why it matters and 'how to play microsoft msft through a covered call ' w/ @juleshyman vix htt
11 trades that made 19,684 in 3 weeks - free here on twitter -- spy tza tsla wtw --
. @jimcramer on @squawkstreet : `` if you dump googl ... then you may regret it . you want to bet against porat ? ''
`` the iphone 8 could be sold out for more than 2 quarters '' aapl
apple s aapl older iphone6s was bestselling smartphone in 2016 , beating samsung s newer galaxy s7 tech business
icymi : linkedin spiffs up its news feed with trending news msft
instagram 's advertiser count tops 1 million fb
instagram 's advertiser count tops 1 million fb by @biintelligence
alibaba has 25 % upside , pacific crest says baba china @barronsonline
rt @stocktwits : a massive shift could be underway . this is the ratio of emerging markets eem to the s & amp ; p 500 spy . chart :
cboe : most active options : fdx earnings , fb , snap , nke numbers and aapl . host @marleykayden
rt @johnspall247 : *rep. brady : 95 % agreement on ahca as of this morning @mariabartiromo @jimcramer @carlquintanilla health @realdonaldtru
some selling in google today and some buyers of snap . interesting rotation . snap goog we like google . not so much snap .
rt @leonlazaroff : spotify may need to act more like netflix if it wants to be profitable : @thestreet nflx
rt @jonas_ogren : enjoy life and travel like the profitable trader you will soon be . join @timothysykes twtr f
trimmed some bac from yesterday 's buy . up 2 % . but still long
rt @alliedprogress : i have zero tolerance for bad actors except the ones like gs goldmansachs and others that you ve represented ? cor
nvda nvidia corporation widens its lead in self-driving cars - my take via @yahoofinance @cnnmoney
analysts respond to apple 's mid-cycle iphone refresh aapl iphone8
nflx a really smart way to get long netflix with options
1- would love to hear jay clayton explain what rationale he used to justify his client vrx waiting six months to disclose its sec probe ?
amzn double risk protected option strategy has quadrupled amzn stock over 2-years
mcdonald 's has finally relearned a golden relationship rule : just be yourself . mcd
was yesterday 's sell-off of nike after earnings an overreaction ? maybe . maybe not . but bulls bargain hunting today . nke up more than 2 % .
5 biggest price target changes for thursday ctas fdx nke rare pvh
amazon is causing catastrophe by being the most disruptive force in retail and technology amzn
thanks . i was only looking for a spy bounce to 235- 235.50 so i 'm glad we were there before news . that spot was f
rt @aaronback : bank stocks : why i 'm still bullish . bac c
5 sources for learning what it takes to become a millionaire it 's not easy but it is worth it fb twtr
pfizer 's read gives a shout out to mrk 's keytruda , gild 's harvoni ( plus pfe drugs ) . it takes a village .
rt @scottkirsner : scoop : part of the team developing tech for @amazon go , the e-tailer 's new automated store , is based in ma
scoop : part of the team developing tech for @amazon go , the e-tailer 's new automated store , is based in ma amzn
rt @malibuinvest : @ophirgottlieb here is your real bac lotto , the `` b '' warrants , priced below 1 , and alot more time to be correct .
market is `` gasp '' arino'ing spy
hotel & amp ; casino names have been hot mpel wynn mar :
here we go , price action webinar starting right now . spx dxy jpy the focal points :
weakening demand could pitch amd , nvidia and intel into price war amd intc nvda
more : house wo n't hold vote on republican healthcare bill today , reports say . here 's how the markets are reacting .
rt @thestreet : for amazon specifically , the apparel sector represents a 14 billion-plus opportunity amzn
i know many businesses that have benefitted from using fb ads
for amazon specifically , the apparel sector represents a 14 billion-plus opportunity amzn
7 companies you should be paying attention too ! here are a few fft imlff emc
seeks souq in middleeast ecommerce arabic amzn yhoo @barronsonline
amzn this rarely used option strategy returned 10-fold amzn stock over 6-months
breaking : micron technology mu q2 revenue , 4.65b vs. 4.64b expected
breaking : micron technology mu q2 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) beats estimates , 0.9 vs. 0.84 expected
the market 's closed now so study this free webinar so many useful tips fb twtr
buy american . i am ( buying gs call options that yield 10 % ! it s free-money to bless a secondary ! bwah hahaha ! ) -
taking a page from the apple playbook , amazon is focusing on building out games for alexa . amzn aapl
according to micron , dram prices went up 21 % and nand prices 18 % quarter-over-quarter ! good for micron , baaaaad for its customers . mu
apple inc is getting dead serious about growth - aapl
mu beats the estimize eps consensus by 7c and misses the estimize revenue consensus by 7.27m -
micron spikes on earnings beat , strong revenue mu
rt @scottkirsner : here 's why @amazon has been hiring computer vision gurus in massachusetts : amzn
here 's why @amazon has been hiring computer vision gurus in massachusetts : amzn
rt @jowens510 : yup , as i expected , micron earnings beat thanks to demand and supply issues with memory chips , mu up 7 % + .
yup , as i expected , micron earnings beat thanks to demand and supply issues with memory chips , mu up 7 % + .
rt @biuk_tech : apple says it fixed the mac and ios vulnerabilities in leaked cia docs several years ago aapl
what 's the latest with tesla 's amazing battery project ? aapl fb goog msft nflx snap tsla
the customer is always right : this etf is tailored to customer satisfaction acsi amzn cost dltr dg cvs wmt
i hope aramco is listening to this halliburton call hal oott
deutsche ups micron 's price target to 35 mu
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet . m tsla
mu looking to change its name to macron +13 % in pre-market
i 'm sure many will disagree and boycott twtr like idiots but at the end of the day it 'll be nominal fee and prob
micron begins delivering higher cyclical peaks mu
good news for tsla
rt @russellrhoads : excited to be talking spx rut and vix at our lenexa , ks office today @cboe @batsglobal
this trader is so bullish on microsoft right now , the charts looks like this to him msft
here 's a free guide from one of my most dedicated students pretty cool that he made it for you fb twtr
starbucks adds apple messages sbux aapl
starbucks adds apple messages sbux aapl
expectations increase for apple 's iphone 8 cycle ; nomura lifts price target to 165 aapl
it 's time to pay attention : apple is getting dead serious about growth - aapl
one chart shows the huge amount of money apple is spending to buy its own stock via @yahoofinance - aapl
stupidstock move of the day ! upgrade of under armour justifies pop ? remember nke earnings ? nike & amp ; uaa/ ua impacted by u.s. sluggishness .
photo : gs ' marty chavez shares insights on finance and the lgbt community with @wharton out4biz and fintech club
benzinga 's top upgrades , downgrades for march 24 , 2017 aa aapl adbe uaa skx swft m dk sndx key
starbucks adds apple messages - aapl . sbux
stocks in positive territory in morning trading on wall st , with technology leading again . ndx +0.5 % , with micron
rt @globebized : what 's it like inside a giant amzn warehouse ? check out this exclusive video and photos via @bosto
micron surges 14 % : the margins ! in the memory 'sweet spot ' mu via @barronstechblog
tired of waiting : health bill still occupies center stage as vote is awaited spy ibb uso vxx
when and where -- this could be the sbux breakthrough that howard and kevin talked about ...
blow-off top in passive investing . trust me on this . spx ndx
rt @paulbagnellbnn : how did jeff hull of manulife securities profit from the samsung note 7 fiasco ? ( hint : not by buying aapl )
why shares of micron technology are soaring today mu
dip buying on spy is most impressive .
rt @jdblum23 : halliburton adding 2,000 u.s. jobs to match growing oilfield activity hal oil
rt @miriamgottfried : the 6b netflix is spending on content is more than 2x what hbo spends . it 's driving up costs industrywide . nflx
netflix must show it can justify spending -- not just by adding lots of subs , but by adding enough to justify 100x forward earnings . nflx
i see the high-profile hedge funds winding down but i still believe active & gt ; passive in a *meaningful* way for the next decade+ . spx ndx
how netflix s big spending on shows is raising alarm in hollywood via @wsj nflx
csco ibm using the `` boring '' mega caps to create huge returns with options
mnuchin says his boss has given up kfc & amp ; mcdonald 's . and yet , yum mcd are both up today . heh . by @juliakhorowitz
midday markets and news : nke twtr snap gme . plus googl + @howardu teaming up , @gameofthrones live concer
a good overview of the phenomenon that is nflx
mu post-earnings action , snap , bac , ccl , lulu . @angiemiles xlv healthcare stocks strategy by @optionpit
watch amazon s prime air drone make its first demo delivery in the us tech drones amzn
here 's how bank of america stock is doing today . bac
10 most innovative states in america aapl amzn dhr lmt
rt @factset : the forward 12-month p/e ratio for spx is 17.5 , above the 10-year average of 13.9 .
elon musk tweets a video of the highly anticipated model 3 tsla
a 22-year-old college student in india figured out how to make quantitative investing models by googling it goog
why everyone should own @facebook stock : fb
facebook s secretive and ambitious hardware group is preparing for its debut next month : fb
the forward 12-month p/e ratio for spx is 17.5 , above the 10-year average of 13.9 .
rt @russellrhoads : vxx is on track for only the second weekly gain in 2017 and biggest upside move since late october 2016 ( clinton email
revenue rose 17 % year-over-year to 4.65 billion , mu
reminder switzerland 's central bank owns more facebook shares than mark zuckerberg . snb fb
tsla motors : a tweet . a gain . via @barrons
the spy timestamp
long @amazon . always have been . - amazon amzn
take a cruise . stay in a hotel . and smoke 'em if you got 'em ? ccl mar rai bti at all-time highs today .
next @cheddar at 4 p.m. : @antonjgunn on pulled healthcare bill ; @crestronhq on alexa v. siri ; @grapeshotrtb on googl yt ads cheddarlive
rt @timothysykes : print out these stock trading rules now they 're the best i know so pay attention ! fb twtr
micron cashing in on chips mu
dragonfly capital premium - top 10 performance for the week spy iwm qqq irbt cof & amp ; more
rt @trivestwealth : @jonchevreau interesting that the spy spiking on the news ...
rt @chamath : some people may look at this positively but i 'd rather see aapl use this to buy co 's and enter new markets ...
rt @stocktwits : this is one of the greatest investment visuals you 'll ever see . bookmark . study it this weekend . spy voo :
rt @motleyfooltech : facebook 's instagram is leaving twitter in the dust . fb twtr
chip-gear makers rise on upbeat micron outlook : mu asml lrcx brks amat wdc
staggering results : trading options to bet on cloud revolution - anet csco my take via @yahoofinance @cnnmoney
it 's clear schultz & amp ; co. have no plans to take their foot off the gas sbux
rt @lisahopeking : next @cheddar at 4 p.m. : @antonjgunn on pulled healthcare bill ; @crestronhq on alexa v. siri ; @grapeshotrtb on googl yt
forget google - this is the best advertising stock to buy right now googl
rt @barronsasia : will american airlines buy stake in china southern ? @shuli_ren znh aal china airyy cea dal
rt @fhoro : i love this chart . tlt vs spy
rt @jonathanrockoff : bisaro , who helped build what is now agn , named ipxl ceo :
hal june 47.5 puts , currently 2.40 bid . offer a standstill yield of 5 % over 81 days . @optionsaction
nvidia corporation widens its lead in self-driving cars - nvda
celg up strong on the day , but if you trade options , this is the focus
tsla aapl baba and nvda all decent vs those morning low pivots . tsla actually cleared an obstacle 224ish
this is how facebook stock is starting the week . fb
do n't do this wall street piled into the spy at the all-time highs then dumped stocks on last week 's pullback .
jack dorsey proves he is delusional on @cnbc refusing to step down or focus on sq or twtr . he should stay with square and sell twitter .
tesla up 6 more . super happy to have duck an innovative chinese company investing alongside tesla . love it . tsla
china 's tencent buys 5 % stake in tesla - tsla
big tesla news . tencent buys 5 % of tsla this is good news ! great entry for china and plenty of capital . smart move to join us in tesla .
shares of tsla gained about 2 % after tctzf reported a 5 % passive stake in the company .
live : amzn confirms it is buying the biggest online retailer in the middle east - -
rt @cheddar : . @jonsteinberg : with its newly announced camera effects , `` facebook has rolled out snapchat . '' cheddarlive fb snap
tesla tsla up 2.5 % as tencent takes 5 % stake in company
those got to names from yesterday that went green first . all doing well besides googl . amzn aapl amzn tsla
a conversation on how manufacturers are navigating the digital age with gs ' clare scherrer :
nice day two for banks after reclaiming last week 's lows . trimming some bac and gs . still in some
travel is hot , hot , hot ! historic highs : carnival ccl , priceline pcl , marriott mar . 52-week highs : wynn wynn , royal caribbean rcl .
amazon now wants to delivery bananas and milk to your suv amzn
exxonmobil has urged president trump to keep the us in the paris climate accord : via @ft xom climate
stories i 'm watching today @cheddar : fb town hall feature , tsla gets from tencent ; sq launching in uk ; okta ipo price cheddarlive
last 3-months spx : +4 % gld : + 10 % - how to use options to profit from gold prices
here 's where facebook stock is today . fb
tsla if you trade calls , this is your playbook , exactly - if you dare , this is it .
tsla keeps ripping ... i 'm not bullish , but , whoa ... - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
sharpies making long term bets as tsla continues to run :
star bulk carriers sblk up 15 % as morgan stanley ms upgrades from underweight to overweight -- more upside ahead ?
rt @barronsnext : macbooks could soon become shells of their former selves . aapl
aal will own about 3 % of china southern to grab a bit of china s growing air-travel market .
new data show why smartphones may one day dethrone tv as the supreme screen aapl lgeaf ssnlf
stocks to watch : amzn buys mid east online retailer , tencent takes stakes in tsla , aal buys china southern stak
need some tuesdaymotivation ? just watch these stocks ! amzn aal dri f tsla tsro
the spy 8day resistance is actually 234.70ish . a little higher then i said 5am this morning spx
these two should take this fb snap chat on the road : . @jonfortt : think pandas are cute , kelly ? kelly evans : not anymore . @squawkalley
amazon prime members in 2 seattle locations can now order groceries & amp ; have them delivered to their cars amzn
rt @lisahopeking : my take on tencent 's 5 % tsla stake : car is next mobile computing platform . no one wants to miss a boat like fb did in 2
just sitting in some longs that we went over buying in yesterday 's morning call express . but less . aapl acted best .
an athlete 's guide to stock trading this is so incredibly useful so read/bookmark it fb twtr
vegas strip gaming win down in february , revenue up 8.9 % byd lvs mgm wynn rrr
rt @dseetharaman : we wrote about facebook 's study of snap last month , which helps explain fb 's *constant* mimicry .
apple 's market cap on jan 1 , 2017 ? 608 billion apple 's market cap today ? 753 billion new aapl all-time highs :
fb went after snap again today , zuckerberg must have been watching last night .
it was discussed in my free recap video as well as the morning call express aapl
aapl fantastic move after testing and holding the 21day re-entry yesterday . still long . but less .
the boys are bac in town :
facebook has tapped a 15-year apple hardware veteran to help lead the vr charge fb aapl
rt @ldpinsd : aapl up over 23 % ytd . biggest stock in the world . pretty crazy & amp ; still seeing panic buying
@jacob_mintz so are people are not hedging , or are they are using other things ( not spx options ) to hedge ? which is it ?
ibm boring stock ? yes . astonishing option opportunity ? yes . - ibm options and earnings
facebook plays copycat , makes snap stock rebound disappear : snap fb
aapl has totally lost its mind ( long )
tesla is already worth more than ford and gm* : via @bfly tsla
nflx a brilliant approach to get long netflix with options
amzn risk averse option strategy that returned 10x amzn stock in 6-mos
nice move in the banks . @cnbcfastmoney bac gs jpm all providing fast money the past two days @petenajarian @jonnajarian @guyadami
bac hod ( and yes , i 'm talking my book )
tesla stock rises as china 's tencent invests emergingmarkets tcehy tsla @barronsonline
rt @hedgeye : ~ you 're invited ! ~ 2:30pm et today live q & amp ; a complimentary access : intc mu glw mscc xlk
missed this big two day amzn move off the 50day . too busy elsewhere . hope it pauses before blasts thru all time highs .
rt @stocktwits : apple 's market cap on jan 1 , 2017 ? 608 billion apple 's market cap today ? 753 billion new aapl all-time highs :
intel says its 10 nm manufacturing tech packs in 2.7x the transistors vs. others . intel 's kaizad mistry : `` our rose smells sweeter . '' intc
why snap does n't have to sweat facebook 's copycat ways . snap fb
elonmusk 's newest venture , facebook copies snap , and our unpacked preview . watch : cheddarlive golive fb snap
bang ! rt @reddogt3 : nice move in the banks . @cnbcfastmoney bac gs jpm all providing fast money the past two days @petenajarian @guyadami
rt @barronsnext : here 's yet another area where amazon is crushing many traditional retailers . amzn
samsung 's redemption with the galaxy s8 could boost broadcom , qualcomm and others avgo , qcom
rt @tomikilgore : apple 's stock surges toward 5th record this month , 11 record this year aapl
apple 's stock surges toward 5th record this month , 11 record this year aapl
big rally going on apple making a big move higher . financials also in rally mode . everything is in rally mode . all good to end the qtr aapl
rt @cnbcfastmoney : nice call from scott redler @reddogt3 on bac
rt @rebeccajarvis : how do you like them s ? aapl stock just hit 143.99/share - new all time high
how do you like them s ? aapl stock just hit 143.99/share - new all time high
nice call from scott redler @reddogt3 on bac
rt @danielernsttmt : not that it really matters , but aapl took out the pre-split 1000 mark , now at almost 1004 , up 733 % since iphone1 htt
googl buy 850 call and sell 875 call and sell 800 put
added googl apr 28 800/850/875 call spread risk reversals ( seagull ) for 3.50
investors questioning amazon 's all-time high after q4 revenue misses in all segments amzn
regn and sny get their big ok for dupixent , and they price it at a rate payers can appreciate .
elon musk & amp ; tesla have a new friend in china : tsla by @sherisse
this campaign asks @starbucks for a bettercup to reduce the `` toll on our forests , our climate , and landfills '' sbux
a question of when , not if : amazon and the 1 trillion market cap amzn
elon musk s latest startup : brains linked to computers . ... do n't love tsla as investment but love this guy !
@megtirrell @andybiotech regn guided analysts to expect a fairly small rebate .
@megtirrell @andybiotech i do , but they 'll be smaller . i think it 's like the hep c drugs . mrk priced to gild rebated price .
google is arguably the best risk/reward in large-cap internet goog googl
rt @michaelsantoli : apple stock hit a new record high , but its market cap still below 763b 2015 peak ( due to buybacks ) . aapl at 145.50 =
it 's early , but 5 s & amp ; p 500 record highs today : amazon amzn fortive ftv apple aapl activision atvi american tower amt ( via @chrishayesg )
apple stock hit a new record high , but its market cap still below 763b 2015 peak ( due to buybacks ) . aapl at 145 .
unpacking samsung 's unpacked event : the unveiling of the new galaxy s8 aapl ssnlf unpacked2017
stocks to watch today : wfc , vrx , exar , rh
i 'm still in baba . 109 big level
pre-roll ads for periscope twtr by @biintelligence
missed amzn . all time highs
yes i 'm flat aapl for . low . it hit my target and a small rdr today around 144.04 pivot .
munster : services to contribute 20 % of apple 's revenue by 2022 aapl
learn about gsengineering at @nsbe s nsbe43 conference by meeting dana & amp ; more gs engineers
amazon 's stock back to record highs as investors bet on continued 'retail dominance ' amzn
aapl owning call spreads in apple over the last year and _avoiding_ earnings +550 % my sceen right now - & gt ;
rt @bespokeinvest : new all-time highs for amazon amzn today , moves it above fb in terms of market cap ( 414 bln vs. 409 bln for fb ) . htt
rt @acesrose : `` this is the golden opportunity '' to buy apple , says gene munster & gt ; & gt ; aapl
`` this is the golden opportunity '' to buy apple , says gene munster & gt ; & gt ; aapl
nasdaq up on amazon , alibaba and this biotech : wmt mrk hd trv amzn baba vrtx play
googl * sell put spreads + 268 % * own stock + 50 %
fb at-the-money call spreads +375 % versus +135 % for stock
amazon s new all-time high : picking the carcass of retail amzn via @barronsonline
rt @mattmillercubed : @ophirgottlieb vrx like a moth to a flame . i could n't resist this . maybe it 's jet lag but thanks for pivots
february digital gaming round-up : activision 's blues , ea titles on top , ubisoft makes a splash atvi ea gme
@vigneshnathanl another ex . of two-sided business models ( not just with 3rd parties/isvs/players like goog ) but also w/ customer tctschat
amzn up nearly 2 % today . all-time high . could this be a 1,000 stock before long ? just a 15 % move from 870 . market value now 415 billion .
csco says most of its customers see `` huge value '' from `` fully integrated networking platforms . ''
the total value of the brandz 100 most valuable chinese brands has risen 13 % to 525.6 billion
rt @timothysykes : what is a stop loss & amp ; trailing stop loss ? read and take careful notes too fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : 5 lessons i 've learned from visiting 100+ countries it 's been a wild ride fb twtr
windows solitaire makes surprise appearance in video game hall of fame finals ea msft twx ntdoy sne
`` a brand for a company is like a reputation for a person . you earn reputation by trying to do hard things well . '' -- jeff bezos amzn
said this before . but silicon valley 's fear of/animosity towards trump is not impacting investor sentiment . aapl amzn fb all-time highs .
pretty much everything about tesla s solar roof is still up in the air . tsla
rt @nimeshg : on 5-4-16 , @chamath said amzn would be worth 3t in 10 yrs ; stock closed at ~ 670 that day . 10 mos later , stock is at ~ 870 (
rt @barronsnext : could apple hit 200 ? aapl
good day for these retail stocks . shares of amzn and tgt each climbed over 2 % closingbell
think like an owner , act like a peer . gs ' valentino carlotti shares advice he would give to his younger self
msft broke above 65.50 . went over that strategy in the recap yesterday . added there . trimmed and holding now
still in nvda . added 108.50ish from note plan
baba testing 110 . i did trim some but still in from monday
added some apr 28/jun 300 call calendars in tsla also selling apr 28 exp 260 put for 4.25
rt @theeuchre : of the 2.3 trillion of cash goldman sachs analysts expect spx companies to use this year , 60 % will go to financial enginee
tesla getting to all time highs . up another 4 to 281 . you ca n't underestimate the importance of the tencent deal . great deal for tsla
gamestop sees purchase intent for nintendo 's switch , microsoft 's scorpio at ps4 levels gme ntdoy sne msft ea
rt @ukarlewitz : margin debt 1. spx total return +40 % since it first reached a new ath in late 2013 2. margin debt and spx are coincident h
rt @wolfofweedst : emc tgod sl weed will all see booms with rec in , simple as supply/demand catalyst
rt @barronsonline : blackberry surges 7 % : fyq4 tops street on higher software sales bbry via @barronstechblog
android app revenue on track to beat ios in 2017 goog aapl
lots of compelling info about tesla 's china business here : tsla
bbry nice staying power so far should be a nice trade today and next week - love this kinda volume/name
mcdonald 's is getting serious about menu changes mcd sbux
.. @cumiastowski @bv my understanding was they did both . tesla raised a bil . tencent spent 2 bil . so most had to be o
juiced ! bbry now up 12 % on earnings and outlook .
google 's competitive advantages are already priced into the stock goog googl
look up `` self-own '' in the dictionary and you will find twtr right there
starbucks baristas are joining this campaign for a more sustainable coffee cup bettercup tobeapartner
even though netflix is behaving more like a film studio , it likely wo n't have to reveal box office numbers . nflx
rt @wsj : apple shares poised for best quarter in five years aapl
rt @randyafrederick : with the vix creeping higher even as the spx rises , keep an eye out for weakness this afternoon . today is quarter-en
rt @stockstotrade : 2016 was awesome at stt but 2017 is gon na blow it away ! ! fb twtr fintech
the more i think about disney bidding for netflix , more it makes sense . they could cut content investment , make the numbers work . dis nflx
10 millionaire secrets about the financial world you 'll want to know this stuff fb twtr
5 great media stocks for 2017 : cbs amc nflx sni foxa
study spy market lessons are what lead to profit .
allow me to expose wall street 's biggest secret i like cutting through the bs : ) fb twtr
@amazon looks to the sky to build new warehouses . amzn
starbucks will be bigger in china than in the u.s. - correct sbux
amazon fortifies its retail channel with record echo sales - amzn
5 breakout trades to ring in the new year : psx amgn mdt wmt adbe
congratulations to gs ' @schristiansen87 & amp ; alum martin devenish for inclusion in the queen 's new year honours list :
( 3/n ) for option traders : my favorite back-tests for 2017 ibm turning 'boring ' into a huge winner
( 2/n ) for option traders : my favorite back-tests for 2017 aapl apple : how to manage earnings to outperform
you can still watch my free guide before my programmers change it to 500 shortly fb twtr peeps !
rt @ophirgottlieb : spy qqq aapl 2017 : win
why your kids are better investors than you : by @rr0710 spy spx dia qqq
. @intel 's drones could be the first step toward flying billboards via @mattmcfarland intc
how donald trump is helping twitter stay relevant . twtr
spx spy 2017 : the state of the market my take via cml pro
rt @2morrowknight : facebook usage and engagement are on the rise , while adoption of other socialmedia platforms holds steady . fb dmwf
5 great media stocks for 2017 : cbs amc nflx sni foxa
rt @yahoofinance : 3 things facebook needs to do in 2017 fb
3 things facebook needs to do in 2017 fb
( 7/n ) for option traders : my favorite back-tests for 2017 nke winning option trading in nike
( 6/n ) for option traders : my favorite back-tests for 2017 sbux turning safety in a 70 % winner
( 6/n ) for option traders : my favorite back-tests for 2017 aapl making covered calls tasty
( 5/n ) for option traders : my favorite back-tests for 2017 googl selling put spreads to outperform the stock
our analysts share some of their ideas to get 2017 started ngg ibm fb
if you have n't seen this- you need to take 25 min to watch ! one of the coolest things ever fb twtr
this is why 99 % of mobile ad revenue growth has been achieved by two media companies ( goog , fb ) in '16 .
rt @timothysykes : definitely print out these 35 rules they 're the best ones i know fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : you can still watch my free guide before my programmers change it to 500 shortly fb twtr peeps !
rt @timothysykes : if you have n't seen this- you need to take 25 min to watch ! one of the coolest things ever fb t
fb crushing the stock ... with clever options
nice quick read - `` 1h 2017 market outlook & amp ; insights '' via @markarbeter spy iwm eem gld
here 's the buzz on marijuana stocks this infographic breaks it down nicely fb twtr
2016 was a good year for @alibabagroup , as the company became the world 's largest retailer . baba
rt @ophirgottlieb : ( 3/n ) for option traders : my favorite back-tests for 2017 ibm turning 'boring ' into a huge winner
rt @ophirgottlieb : ( 2/n ) for option traders : my favorite back-tests for 2017 aapl apple : how to manage earnings to outperform
rt @ophirgottlieb : fb crushing the stock ... with clever options
aapl spy the marvelous world of knowledgeable options trading
rt @ophirgottlieb : qcom all option traders 'boring ' stock ? yes . a fantastic option trade ? yes !
5 breakout trades to ring in the new year : psx amgn mdt wmt adbe
7 things younger than iphone as the device prepares to turn 10 aapl amzn fb googl tsla nflx
rt @barronsnext : after a rough 2016 , is basketball really back at nike ? nke
rt @alifarhat79 : @lmt978 @markyusko @twitter we all need twtr hope they have a monster year too cheering for @twitter @jack in 2017
nvda is growth over for nvidia ? by @ophirgottlieb
because the stockmarket is closed today you can still watch my free guide so study up fb twtr peeps !
a final look at 2016 : how much money you would have made ( or lost ) with these bold market bets spx
which wall street firm made the best stock picks of 2016 ? gs jpm ms bac db spy djia
dow under 19,000 or dow at 20,000 : what happens first ? cat dia djia
wall street 's top picks for 2017 : all in one place aapl adi akam fb nflx yelp gs jpm byd csco mscc baba
algorithms : ai s creepy control must be open to inspection | opinion | the guardian fb
stock suggestion : go with the `` enormously successful '' gilead sciences gild in 2017
how to make 2,000 per day as this is the magic number that creates my millionaire students fb twtr
ok , google : please do these things in 2017 @robpegoraro googl
@facebook had a rough few months in 2016 , but things are looking up for the new year . fb
the most overpaid and underpaid ceos in the dow 30 this year aapl cat cvx nke msft mcd
naw `` how under armour could sprint past its footwear sales goals '' stocks nke , uaa , addyy , ua
. @amazon only needs a minute of human labor to ship your next package : amzn
an @apple iphone 's journey , from chinese factory floor to western retail store . aapl tech apple
rt @kesslercfra : should be an interesting year in europe for u.s. technology giants , according to @nytimes . aapl amzn fb goog googl u
@snapchat wants to market itself like @facebook . fb
qcom mind blowing new test . turning a 90 % loser into a 90 % winner by clicking button . be . powerful .
100 of the most shared , talked about , and viewed things on stocktwits from 2016 : spy aapl gld msft
bwld this option trade has been pretty badass .
rt @mitchellkwarren : 10 stocks with unusual options activity via @seeitmarket pf jwn bbry etfc jblu bwld cts
meet my student of the year last year truly a great guy , i wonder who will be best in 2017 fb twtr
will 2017 be the year of the trump-rooster ? @barronsasia iwd iwf fb amzn nflx googl gm dal gil uaa wmt
mcdonald s latest move should terrify starbucks mcd sbux
rt @barronsnext : how donald trump is helping twitter stay relevant . twtr
nvidia shaping up to be one fascinating company . nvda
@philipaegerter i hope i can buy at 150 . let 's hope you 're right . tsla
rt @motleyfoolmoney : best ceos of 2016 ? we picked satya nadella , mary dillon & amp ; scott scherr . listen to find out why . msft ulta ulti ht
qualcomm joins apple to invest in softbank s 100 billion tech fund : wsj via @barronsasia qcom aapl s
why finance would be better off with more woman leaders hey ladies , we need you ! fb twtr
wait till you hear this one . nvidia . dominates . nvda vr driving gaming ai
tsla deliveries miss forecast on production delays ; shares fall via @bloomberg
@atticusliu @elonmusk picasso 's are n't the same without him either . elon is once a lifetime type of guy . we 're sticking with him . tsla
is oled entering a super-cycle ? via @barronsasia aapl samsung
rt @timothysykes : 6 homes that will inspire you to study hard and achieve greatness it 's possible fb twtr
rt @yahoofinance : startup founders say they admire elon musk more than any other tech ceo tsla
qualcomm joins apple to invest in softbank s 100 billion technology fund via @wsj qcom aapl
rt @ophirgottlieb : xom they say slow and boring -- i say , i 'll take 60 % .
gone in 2.39 seconds : faraday claims tsla-beating supercar via @bloomberg
3 reasons @fitbit will bounce back in 2017 fit
why baidu will rebound in 2017 via @barronsasia bidu
rt @philipvandoorn : this outperforming money manager expects s & amp ; p 500 s gains to accelerate in 2017 amat fang bac
15 stocks moving in wednesday 's premarket agrx casc cbay ptnr nvls watt ftr hsy depo idxg imgn tsla stm
callaway golf 's newest 'big bertha ' generates buzz ahead of pga merchandise show ely nke
tillerson and exxon part ways ; 180m retirement package xom
is poised for a rebound crm
everyone is talking about tesla today and here 's why . in q4 , tesla delivered 22,200 vehicles :
tax-free , if i 'm not mistaken ? xom
one reason treasuries have done well so far this year : more corporate bond deals , like fdx via @barronsonline
rt @osukeller : why is dow 20,000 such a big deal ? the same reason turning 40 is a big deal . djia dow20k bigroundnumbers
rt @shannansiemens : now @squawkstreet @jimcramer : they should be called teflon motors . tsla
breaking news -- tesla shrugs off delivery miss as investors focus on model 3 : tsla
gilead sciences : with new hire , m & amp ; a might be on the way - gild
@realdonaldtrump has 30x more twtr followers than @putinrf_eng ... .jus sayin
'tesla killer ' boasts a 1,050-horsepower engine and will be on the streets next year tsla
so much for those weak tesla deliveries ? tsla now up 3 % today . investors betting that sales for upcoming model 3 will top expectations ?
rt @lebeaucarnews : tsla shares up more than 7 ( 3.4 % ) in early trading as company begins investor/analyst tour of gigafactory in nevada .
tsla shares up more than 7 ( 3.4 % ) in early trading as company begins investor/analyst tour of gigafactory in nevada .
aapl amzn gartner forecasts flat global shipments of all devices ( pcs , tablets , phones , laptops ) at 2.3b devices
markets start the year in rally mode , with fed minutes and auto sales on tap tsla spy uso vxx gdx
tesla said it delivered about 22,000 vehicles in the fourth quarter and 76,230 for the year :
rt @chris1reuters : lebanon approves decrees to start offshore oil and gas exploration tenders @lisabarrington gas xom cvx oott
nvidia 's opportunity just beginning , says raymond james via @yahoofinance - nvda
after their strong run in 2016 , cowen analyst is lowering aal alk jblu save and ual from `` outperform '' to `` market perform '' or neutral .
is zillow group a corporation or a non-profit organization ? pcln z
alibaba 's war on counterfeiters just got real baba
*** spx breadth 5:1 positive***
u.s. firms with most at stake as russian ties fray , in charts - bloomberg ge slb utx ba msft ibm pep pg f
china s sogou targets 5 billion ipo to chase rival baidu - bloomberg bidu
one sign of amzn alexa 's rise : `` available via the itunes app store , google play and through a catch sports alexa s
this has so many useful lessons in it please bookmark it and read it all when you have the time fb twtr
see mark zuckerberg on tour ! zuck is visiting all 50 states in 2017. but why ? ! fb
this e-commerce player just nabbed 250m in funding magento ebay
live : amazon is putting alexa into tvs - amzn
jeff bezos : the connected home is a phenomenal opportunity . we must invest as much as we can & amp ; keep our foot on the
financial stocks are on fire right now : wbk kb pypl o
from the other directioon , msft , goog down , amzn , fb , aapl up .
live now : rex tillerson severs ties with exxon mobil to avoid conflicts of interest ; receives 180m - watch
coming up : watch @alexistvnews @serwer @readdanwrite talk xom & amp ; tillerson , jobs numbers , amzn & amp ; alexa
apple pledges 1 billion in softbank 's tech fund ; good news for sprint ? aapl s sftbf tmus
iwm breaking triangle consolidation higher , 138.5 last resistance , support 136/135/134.5/131.8
spy on edge of breaking range higher , 228.34 last resistance , support here then 225/224/221.75
thanks . this was covered in morning call express and on twtr early to get everyone ready for action tsla
gc_f gld bounce continues..wrote more on this earlier , 1185/1200/1210 resistance 1145/1100 support
rt @timothysykes : this pattern is on fire right now see past examples too over & amp ; over fb 
releasing an alexa api was smart for amazon , @rycrist says , and suggests other smart home device providers follow s
rt @ibd_ecarson : kohl 's , macy 's slash profit guidance on weak holiday sales : blame amazon ? kss m amzn jcp jwn
nice solid 2 days bounce on banks across board bac etc ! ! only thing i did wrong was cover all that uvxy before t
`` having intel at the forefront of the next wave of the driverless car bodes well for everyone . '' intc
watch out , nke and lulu ... amazon , yes , amazon , is coming out with an athletic wear line amzn
wrote this book march 2015. has been/still is a great roadmap . could not get price dropped below 99c spy and more
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high jumps to 24 stocks with financials and industrials making 4/5ths of the list . xlf xli
arena pharmaceuticals hands off its weight loss pill , belviq arna
big step on road to complete combination of android and chrome oss . goog googl
google moves into augmented reality shopping with bmw and gap - googl
salesforce praised , two media names enter buy range as stocks rise : crm dis nflx cbs
`` ... the snapdragon 835 will appear in next-generation virtual reality headsets . '' qcom
rt @statnews : arena pharmaceuticals hands off its weight loss pill , belviq arna
rt @defotis : 3 reasons china stocks can rise 40 % in 2017 emergingmarket fxi baba ashr pek mchi @barronsonlin
considering aapl ' s year end bounce , the potential for weak fq2 guide and a long stock replacement strategy
financials close at their highest level since october 12 , 2007 ( total return ) , up over 19 % since the election . xlf
3 reasons china stocks can rise 40 % in 2017 @barronsasia @defotis eem baba bidu fxi mchi ashr pek
jpm topped the ib revenue ranking in 2016 ( 5.9bn ) - gs & amp ; bac completed the top 3
softbank gains after apple confirms 1 billion investment in its tech fund via @barronsasia aapl qcom s
industry analysts project 10 % price jump for spx in 2017 . ( they overestimated by 4.3 % one year ago . )
amazon is winning ces without even showing up . i can see why , i miss alexa when she 's not around . amzn
breaking : costco cost same store sales ( ex-items ) y/y is 3 % for december .
can you guess what my reaction to this is ? pretty crazy , right ? fb twtr
gold rally has legs as military risks rise @williampesek @realdonaldtrump gld gdx china northkorea
returns since election : kre : +29 % kbe : +27 % rsx : +21 % xlf : +19 % iwm : +16 % spy : +7 % dxy : +5 % agg : -2 % gld : -9 % eww : -18 % vix : -37 %
gold ends higher , shrugs off fed minutes @barronsasia gld gdx nugt dust slv
rt @ampressman : fitbit apps getting more social and personalized but new hardware must wait ces2017 fit
@tierrapartners check it again . everyday it 's getting cooler and they figured out how to monetize it . fb live facebook
bank of america 's favorite m & amp ; a possibilities in the software space crm csod data now splk msft
need to figure an ideal way to incorporate `` time saved by consumer '' into amzn valuation . it 's key to the whole dam
apple . we will protect terrorists privacy on the iphone and we 'll sensor content that the chinese government says
now we 're connecting with youth . golf is coming to twitter . i 'm assuming it 's a fake news story . dying sport comes
upside pre-mkt : ceb , halo , gnca , shld , otic , cldt , alxn , twlo , exas , bks , swk , silj , kndi powered by
google is reportedly looking to buy soundcloud for around 500m , months after spotify bailed :
and who does n't want super-human vision ? asks ibm
exxon mobil , sabic prefer site near corpus christi for massive plant xom petrochemical
4q 2016 is the 3rd highest quarter ever for global m & amp ; a & amp ; the only pd to hit 1tr in 2016 gs
hey alexa- i 'm glad amzn finally had a strong move to wake up . in from yesterday and added 761 from note . hold th
rt @keithmccullough : video ( 30 seconds ) : how to trade gold right now gld
rt @fpinvesting : shopify inc and kinaxis inc expected to be big winners in canadian tech again in 2017 shop bbry
shopify inc and kinaxis inc expected to be big winners in canadian tech again in 2017 shop bbry kxs.to cls.to
it 's not mexico donny . it 's amazon . stop them now @realdonaldtrump ! amzn macys
sold remainder of nflx -nice move its at highs . still looks good though
remember to study this morning pattern inside and out it 's been working so well lately its crazy fb twtr
markets are flat , but one airline stock is flying high ... southwest luv hits intraday trading record
breaking : us stocks reverse the red and test all-time highs ( again ) spx 2271
want to see the real next 'steve jobs ' . nvidia changing the world . nvda ai vr cars gaming iot streaming
here 's where youtube red stands after one year goog
facebook in 2016 : live , fake , and half-baked ces2017 fb
netflix is less than 2 % away from hitting all-time highs . here 's how that looks on a chart : nflx
yes amzn day one . time to add was 761 and when it reclaimed the 50day at 767 . i 'm glad i put it on your radar
yhoo in middle of investigating data breach , so @timarmstrongaol tells @jboorstin does n't yet know how big a discount vz could get
thank you sir , the baba move is spectacular ! @sealteamssix thanks doc ! love my baba @halftimereport @jonnajarian
gld 3rd wave continuation gap . sell aggressively if the oversold bounce gets that far .
my reading of this amgn- regn ruling is n't as clear as the headlines . if regn is going to appeal , how long could this drag on ?
health care and technology sectors have highest % of buy ratings in spx .
key section of court 's injunction ruling on regn sny in favor of amgn
would amazon buy american apparel ? amzn
rt @megtirrell : per suntrust , npv of praluent u.s. rights = ~ 25/share . regn still halted amgn +4.9 % sny -4 %
per suntrust , npv of praluent u.s. rights = ~ 25/share . regn still halted amgn +4.9 % sny -4 %
re : regn and amgn : when was the last time a court said to remove a drug from the market ? this is the thing i say never happens .
rt @megtirrell : injunction pretty fascinating : regn & amp ; san get 30 days before praluent sales banned in order to appeal bc of public harm f
rt @timothysykes : grab these blowout holiday deals at last chance fb twtr then say goodbye
surprise , surprise : regn appealing :
samsung beating apple by a mile : q4 profit soars 50 % on strong memory chip sales via @barronsasia aapl
nflx owning this option strategy duiring earnings returned 250 % in 48 days of trading
these are the 4 best charts you will ever see i absolutely love it fb twtr
samsung electronics q4 profit jumps 50 % despite note 7 fiasco aapl mu
history of agn botox in @time committed 2 doing right by patients/doctors & amp ; working w fda on potential new uses
amazon 's upcoming `` place cards '' service aims to power competing retailers mobile commerce efforts . amzn
the 10 spx stocks projected to see the largest price increases over the next 12 months .
samsung profit soars 50 % on strong memory chip sales @barronsasia @shuli_ren aapl
read this . amgn regn
rt @theflynews : halt of sanofi , regeneron cholesterol drug called 'big win ' for amgen amgn sny regn mdco alny
starbucks hopes a grab-and-go egg snack will help food sales sbux
nvda uptrend still very much intact
benzinga 's top upgrades , downgrades for january 6 abeo aig all qsr hsy dis rop mcd gpro ndls wen tol
googl also had a cash flow add above 813.50 and now u can trim and hold .
trimmed a little amzn and tsla . still in both . hope you enjoyed them this week . now above weekly highs . was a good add 4 cash flow
still in aapl as well from wednesday
for costco to grow revenue it needs to add 30 more stores and get some kind of break from falling food prices :
rt @traderscom : iran empties tankers to new customers in opec output deal opening tcoil oott @heidstertrades uso oil spx
apple kicks off 2017 with news of 'blowout ' app store sales aapl
shade . amzn amazon to open retail store in manhattan at time warner center
a leveraged buyout of bed bath & amp ; beyond unlikely to bail out investors bbby
new all-time records for spx options in 2016 avg . daily volume ( up 9 % ) and yr-end open interest ( up 18 % )
rt @marijuanastocks : emblem cannabis making it rain emmmbf emc emblem
icymi : qnx operating system puts blackberry in the driver s seat for the car-tech revolution : ces2017 bbry
amzn finally breaking out of muliti month range . can put it back in the rotation for daily trader
roku and amazon go after low-end tvs amzn by @biintelligence
thanks to @resachs @dewdiligence @jsherkow and bio-twitter for all the help on this piece ! amgn regn
analysts expect earnings growth of 11.5 % for spx in 2017 , led by the energy sector .
good time to re-read : chipotle ripe for a january effect rally cmg mcd via @investopedia
im really loving the new @twitter tos rules ; more trolls are getting suspended than ever before . maybe this a buy for the stock twtr !
huawei takes a jab at apple , releasing its first phone in u.s. aapl
big financials reporting on friday the 13th - bac jpm wfc
the medtech group : 2017 top picks and catalysts abmd tcmd entl bsx exas podd isrg mdt onvo
one more hurdle in the nasdaq 100 & lt ; == clearing it qqq
do n't blame millennials for being terrible employees fb twtr @simonsinek
rt @canuck2usa : qqq new aths
rt @cnntech : this was apple 's prototype for the iphone ( note the `` click wheel '' design ) via @davidgoldmancnn aapl
apple vs. amazon vs. google : digital assistants square off at ces aapl amzn goog ces2017
apple 's app store sees record sales aapl
amazon should keep its cloud computing business via @nolter amzn
amazon s dominance shows up ... in the jobs report : amzn
fb aapl nflx googl continues outperformance today , and for 2017 .
forget about dow20k , the s & amp ; p 500 just hit a record intraday high in today 's trading of 2,278 ... last record high was dec 13 last year spy
stc nflx jan 13 123/130 cs at 5.97 , nets 82 % on the broken wing call flys
tsla ceo elon musk is back in trump tower this morning . second visit to the tower in three weeks .
nasdaq hits all-time intraday high as fang stocks pop . fb amzn nflx googl
disney facebook apple . all up nicely today . good day for gk so far . dis aapl fb
rt @foxbusiness : dow winners : dis nke mcd
dow winners : dis nke mcd
fb baby , fb
could be 13th time spx surges to 52-week high on nfp miss . after the others , it was up a little over a month later 2 times , avg -2.1 % .
added nflx jan 132/124-123 1x2 ps for 20c , covers earnings , sized for entry
silver lining : december jobs growth on weak side , but 2016 still a decent year spy spx uso gld vxx
wcu : metals and soft commodities 2017 's early risers saxostrats by ole hansen oil gld slv
solid break higher in nflx , earnings 1/18 , will have a trade on that can give a good entry
tech stocks boasting impressive gains , approaching midday on wall st : ndx +0.8 % with facebook rising 2 % fb .
rt @thedealnewsroom : amazon should keep its cloud computing business via @nolter amzn
aapl to open first retail door in south korea , possibly blocks from samsung headquarters - wsj
spy i tried to optimize trading options in the s & amp ; p 500. it worked . here it is
most active options : nflx , tsla , amzn interest in american apparel , fb & amp ; newsrooms , aapl tim cook pay cut
how this week 's top 10 performed - dragonfly capital dft san endp srcl and more spy
rt @keithmccullough : screw the dow bro 20,000 cheerleading - this is going to be an all-time closing high for spy
phlx oil service sector osx a story of past , present , & amp ; future performance . osx outperformed spx 6.38 % in 2016 .
screw the dow bro 20,000 cheerleading - this is going to be an all-time closing high for spy
goldman sachs does n't do evil , squidly trades anymore . it 's now all about empowering women . themoreyouknow gs
all ready for some @cvpayne on @foxbusiness ! going to give you some good investment ideas for this bull market . tune in now . dis nvda mgm
rt @optionsaction : banks have surged going into earnings , but is it time to stop betting on the banks ? here 's @riskreversal 's xlf trade ht
rt @thomasrice16 : @optionsaction thanks for covering xlf today . excellent analysis .
spy spx the one reason back-testing works
tech trends for 2017. we like lots of what we are seeing in the smart electric car and home . tsla nvda fb goog
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high list at 14 stocks with financials and healthcare leading list . xlf xlv
we _google goog
the estimated earnings growth rate for spx for q4 is 3.0 % .
aapl how covered calls outperform the stock , if you were smart .
apple 's latest strategy is paying off well . aapl
stock market terminology you should know ! this beautiful infographic will help you out fb twtr
spy studying the s & amp ; p 500 and option trading -- & gt ;
sbux starbucks here comes the growth via @cmlviz
@wisemanj11 , cat is stretched here imo , nothing against the co or products . hinged to mining , hurt by weak and pricing in big recovery .
new data shows amazon is eating into google 's territory and it 's only going to get worse amzn
`` seattle s top tech stocks of 2016 '' featuring ffiv : via @geekwire
rt @timothysykes : how do i find and buy big penny stock runners ? watch & amp ; see students ! fb twtr
amgen patent win boosts odds of a stock comeback amgn regn sny
stocks to watch : macy 's inc. ( m ) inc. ( amzn ) kohl 's corp. ( kss )
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` s & amp ; p 500 weekly outlook : near-term mixed '' by @williedelwiche spy iwm vix
spy using the spy etf to beat the market with low risk options
how close did the djia come to 20,000 on friday ?
they were bought to open with the oi now of 119,632 for the feb 230 call strike . spy
i am bullish on agn with a target price of 262.9 in 6 mos . on vetr !
i am bullish on gild with a target price of 105.69 in 6 mos . on vetr !
alexa sold out until jan 25th amazon going to crush earnings amzn
@fijitime71 a tad steep but there is cash on the books too . that would be sweet ! jack is on the disney board so it 's a nice exit . dis twtr
@fijitime71 just saw that . if they do n't overpay . it 's great ! ! ! dis twtr . love bob iger . he gets it .
spy selling put spreads is a huge winner for 6 mos , 1yr , 2yr and 3yrs .
the estimated revenue growth rate for spx for q4 is 4.8 % .
rt @callum_thomas : 10. keep your options open : 2016 was a new all time record year for spx options trading h/t @cboe
fear of missing out is a valuable tool for game developers . ea honed it for its @starwars game `` galaxy of heroes . ''
@toddhagopian i predict that our @forbes focus list on zyne gwph emmbf emc cara will continue to crush & amp ; jv 's will emerge with lp 's
amzn will likely become no . 1 clothing retailer in us this year -- incl . brick-and-mortar . 16b in apparel sales 2016 -- already half of nike
have you seen this must watch guide yet ? check out this great overview fb twtr
@syncubate @fijitime71 disney is tough on comp so they will stop issuing tons of options and comp . cash flow positive . with bam . dis twtr
final few days of this blowout 50-75 % off sale i 've extended wayyyy too long , no more extensions fb twtr
amzn has a better shot than goog : after attending ces , ark analyst @jwan584 believes that alexa is the operat
my longshot 17 prediction for sports biz : baba puts some cash to work . @rickhorrow has better ones
is apple getting siri-ous in the face of amazon 's alexa echo ? voice aapl ui
csco ibm aapl how a portfolio of options supercharges returns from single digits , to triple digits .
good research here - `` s & amp ; p 500 weekly outlook : near-term mixed '' via @williedelwiche spy iwm vix
rt @callum_thomas : 1. this weird breadth divergence chart has bulls scratching their heads - you 'll never guess what happens next ! spx htt
rt @spampennypicks : who needs netflix when u got profit.ly nflx profitlyandchill ; ) @timothysykes @stockstotrade
rt @ophirgottlieb : csco ibm aapl how a portfolio of options supercharges returns from single digits , to triple digits .
weekend review and watchlist spx mtg de hal hes ibm ads yndx googl nflx aapl amzn ulta
ces 2017 s breakout star : amazon s alexa - amzn
5 ways to deal with the liars & amp ; cheaters as you will inevitably run into in finance fb twtr
talking ai disruption with the man who built google s brain by @vluck ai bidu
rt @thestreet : the secret behind how costco stole the holidays -- you just ca n't eat a sweater : cost
get ready for a celeb-filled , jerry lewis-style telethon on inauguration day , thanks to @facebook
the perfect moving averages for day trading aapl via @investopedia
rt @amjadjamous : @timothysykes traderchecklist with my littlefriend twtr
rt @stockstotrade : here 's some collective wisdom for a tough trading day : tradertips stockmarket fb twtr
the trailing 12-month p/e ratio for spx is 20.7 , above the 10-year average ( 16.1 ) .
a mcdonald 's opened outside of vatican city to the disdain of senior cardinals : mcd
@andrewbarranca6 i figured . good to see starbucks 's training working . we 've owned it for a long time . great company . sbux
rt @jodigralnick : huge jpm17 lineup on @cnbc mon/tue . @megtirrell live w/ ceos : bmrn lly celg jnj alxn mrk ilmn vrx agn esrx ed
rt @guruleaks1 : martin shkreli has been suspended from twtr suspension came after a period of harassment of reporter lauren duca
but but ... these are the nice things i thought ? twtr
@walterralegh go ahead , short hlf , long vrx . make my day .
a macro strategist 's forecast for 2017 spy tm twtr
congrats andy . took guts , vision and hard work . glad to see market has proven you right ... like fdx , which had so
rt @barronsnext : apple 's latest strategy is paying off well . aapl
here 's goog 's waymo 's latest autonomous car , developed with fca . i just ca n't get a certain scene from 1980s you
i am long aapl as well , but from lower . set up looks technically stronger for more upside
7 things millionaires do differently & amp ; so should you ! learn from the most successful people you know fb twtr
rt @shuli_ren : buy and sell these mining stocks : morgan stanley via @barronsasia aa
rt @davidjacobslive : this says a whole lot about future of content - goldenglobes amzn nflx
conundrum : ceo does n't have enough time . and yet users seem to have entirely too much . twtr
buy and sell these mining stocks : morgan stanley via @barronsasia aa
googl develops own suite of autonomous car sensors via @detroitnews
nflx full write-up on how owning earnings vol returned 300 % over three-years and 60 % over the last year
nflx mind-bending . 3-years : long condor thru earnings returned 300 % in 16 trading days . see backtester -- & gt ;
spy how two-years of put spread selling generated a decade of returns
googl using short put spreads to juice up returns and out-perform the stock
buy and sell these mining stocks : morgan stanley @shuli_ren aa bhp gmbxf gold gld fmg milsy yzc
alphabet 's waymo touts better , cheaper automated car tech as competition builds - googl
alphabet says its autonomous cars needed less human help in 2016 - googl
rt @appleinsider : ten years of iphone : the past present and future of apple 's blockbuster phenomenon aapl
regn ceo , dr. len schleifer , to present at jpm17 today at 3:30 pm pt . tune in here :
rt @biuk_tech : watch steve jobs unveil the very first iphone 10 years ago today aapl
watch steve jobs unveil the very first iphone 10 years ago today aapl
mcdonald 's sells china business in deal worth up to 2.1b mcd
what to watch : - @mcdonalds deal - pound hammered - dow 20,000 ? mcd
gamestop shares are well positioned to rebound in 2017 atvi ea gme
dragonfly capital - 4 trades to fly higher with amazon : bonus idea amzn spy
rt @shuli_ren : mcdonald s sells its china business for 2.1 billion via @barronsasia mcd yum yumc
last week , lots of nice pivots and levels to buy in amzn tsla googl nflx fb even , baba . this week not as exciting but look good
post- ces2017 research firm baird picks apple aapl & amp ; at & amp ; t t as top picks
4 trades to fly higher with amazon : bonus idea - dragonfly capital amzn spy
celgene antes up 55m , grabs option to buy the autoimmune upstart anokion celg
aapl - katy huberty names apple ( aapl ) top pick for 2017 - says her upside case is now 190/sh - morgan stanley via @thenotablecalls
audi is doing so well -- and good for nvda ...
how to trade stocks with short-term gain catalysts and longer-term growth potential : amgn
stocks to watch today : mcd , scai , unh , mack , fcau
chrysler invests 1b in oh & amp ; mich. , building 3 new jeeps ( including 2 wagoneers ) & amp ; a heavy duty ram pickup . 2,000 new jobs . c corrected
how to grab a piece of salesforce 's surge crm
angelo zino : more bullish at the margins on aapl than its competitors @tomkeene @davidgura @rwehrspann
5 rocket stocks ready for blastoff in 2017 amgn ebay
maintaining a cautious view on apple ahead of q1 results aapl
cramer 's stop trading crm `` i 'm surprised the stock is n't up ''
thanks . i 'm glad i put it on your radar this morning aapl -i trimmed some . but holding
dow jones has notched 1,630 points since us election results . goldman sachs has been 430 of those points , 26 % of the gains djia indu gs
googl just announced its self-driving car unit , waymo , is developing its own sensor package .
why amazon will have success selling workout clothes amzn
7 things younger than iphone as the device turns 10 aapl amzn fb tsla nflx
facebook remains oppenheimer 's top large cap pick for 2017 ; here 's why fb
rt @iviewmarkets : spy names with greatest rsi increase abt adbe goog amzn amgn esv fb fcx gild has mat mco crm tss v
mcdonald 's in china is a tall order for citic @nishagopalanhk via @bfly mcd
apple just traded as high as 119.30 per share . why does that matter ? it 's a new 52-week high : aapl
chipper monday : chips down some last week but today they 're out-performing . seewhatididthere strength from the
ilmn is adding ibm watson to its dna tests for cancer patients : by @matthewherper
rt @rob1cox : understatement from @breakingviews on the aapl iphone launch : `` other operators may have no choice but to follow ''
mcdonald 's will get about 6 % of china sales in the form of royalty payments from citic and carlyle group :
rt @alibabaprguy : jack ma to meet with the @realdonaldtrump today to discuss the baba commitment to create 1 million new jobs in the u.s .
7 emergingmarkets must-reads : wall st in china ; india & amp ; h1b visas , pbr bonds eem ms infy trump @barronsonline
part of the decision for apple to avoid ces2017 , @loubasenese says , is to drive interest in its own launches & amp ; pro
@riskreversal gives a way to protect your gains in the banks xlf
nflx this is remarkable
up nearly 8 % , salesforce is the fourth-best performing name in the technology sector of the s & amp ; p 500 :
learn why gs ' investment strategy group believes this bull market still has room to run in outlook : half full
trump meeting with alibaba 's jack ma , michael evans today baba
rt @adamfeuerstein : celg 2017 guidance : revenue 13 - 13.4b adjusted eps 7.10 - 7.25 brackets current consensus . jpm17
rt @bymadeleinea : celg 2017 guidance - sales of 13-13.4bn , adjusted eps of 7.10-7.25
wonder if president elect trump is aware that alibaba baba was just placed back on ustr notorious markets list 4 failing 2 protect ipr ?
oakmx 's bill nygren makes the case for alphabet , citigroup , apache , others googl apa c
on the jack ma/trump meeting : alibaba 's `` u.s. expansion & amp ; commitment to create 1 million new jobs in 5 years . '' baba
jack ma and president elect @realdonaldtrump to meet today to discuss how baba will create 1 mm us jobs by helpin
gs ' chief economist jan hatzius forecasts euro-dollar parity in 2017 speaking on @cnbc today :
breaking - @alibabagroup founder & amp ; executive chairman jack ma has arrived at trump tower to meet w/ president-elec
no matter who wins tonight 's nationalchampionship nike is clear victor . nke looks to bounce back from tough 2016 .
rt @aliciamcelhaney : allergan continues down 'stepping stone ' path with two deals agn asmb via @thestreet
printing up a takeover ? ddd up 8.5 % on chatter that it may have hired a banker/ ge is interested . rival 3d printer stock ssys up 3.5 % too .
celg partner network . 29 companies on there .
gs ' francesco garzarelli : reflation & amp ; rate divergence to set the tone for markets in 2017 @cnbc
baba wants to create us jobs by helping us small businesses and farmers sell to china 's 300 million-strong middle
3d systems higher off takeover chatter ddd ge
twtr = decentralized news , original content , citizen journalism , real-time meritocracy from a decentralized network of anti-fragile nodes .
twtr is cheap . it 's been a widowmaker and i 've traded it before but i have started building a longterm position . thesis to follow .
coming up on @cnbc from jpm17 : celg ceo mark alles on @halftimereport . what do you want to know ?
jack ma on the way to meet president elect @realdonaldtrump to discuss baba plans to create 1mm us jobs by helping
ten years ago the iphone was born ! one former @apple insider thought `` it was n't a sure thing . ''
box is one of oppenheimer 's top picks for 2017 box goog googl
rt @scottbudman : since introducing the iphone 10 years ago today , apple 's stock price has risen 871 % . aapl
bac , dal , & amp ; nvda calls . jpm puts , wfc . interview @palmermx : vix & amp ; bank earnings . host @angiemiles
@nachkari that would imply much less need for so many ad sales labor as well . twtr can be run with 200 employees imho . operatingleverage
come on @jack . for the first time in history , social media , twtr , is the preferred communications medium for the @potus . monetize & amp ; profit .
since introducing the iphone 10 years ago today , apple 's stock price has risen 871 % . aapl
cnbc : alibaba aims to create 1 million us jobs in next 5 years baba
rt @jdblum23 : can rex tillerson leave exxon behind ? xom
shares of alibaba were up 1.45 % as ceo jack ma meets with president-elect donald trump :
@halftimereport total agreement on aapl
googl has been acting very well .
why did facebook live-stream a basketball game in india ? fb twtr
celgene expects to see high revenues from revlimid , a drug for multiple myeloma : celg
ces 2017 : how under armour wants to beat apple . uaa ua aapl
google grabs back auto spotlight from nvidia , intel : googl nvda intc fcau mbly
minutes away : celg @celgene ceo joins @megtirrell live from jpm17 on @halftimereport - first on @cnbc
on this day ten years ago , @apple 's steve jobs introduced the iphone . a look at the changes : aapl
alibaba 's jack ma met with @realdonaldtrump to talk about creating `` one million '' jobs in the u.s
supi duper celg entry at 118.13. long pick in my nightly .
we talked to fitbit ceo james park about how the company plans to get back in shape . ces2017 fit
goldman sachs was 1 for global m & amp ; a volume & amp ; revenue in 2016 gs
stock market today : nasdaq reaches new high ; apple breaks out , nvidia soars aapl nvda
rt @daveaurelio : s & amp ; p 500 16q4 y/y earnings expected to grow 5.8 % . @thomsonreuters @lipper_alpha sp500 spx spy voo iwm ijr ijk
rt @lamonicabuzz : no matter who wins tonight 's nationalchampionship nike is clear victor . nke looks to bounce back from tough 2016 .
no matter who takes home college football 's national championship , nike ( @nike ) is a guaranteed winner . nke
here are some major takeaways from ces2017 hpq intc qcom swks
gild breakout . on oncology , milligan said `` insight '' twice referring to riva , new head of cancer business . insight = incy ? ? ? ? jpm17
sounds like gild desperately needs deal advocates , and it is only because one existed that pharmasset happened . yeswecan
gild 's norbert talks about hiring nvs cancer guy . scientifically , the area where a lot is happening.. looking for innovation . jpm17
gild breakout . the full force of co. 's hiv power is being applied to bictegravir pgm . they sound really confident about this drug . jpm17
earnings season kicks off with bank earnings bonanza bac jpm wfc
we have a big conference call for club members on wednesday -- good chance for you to ask a question about aapl
gild 's norbert : new tab addresses need of aging hiv population w/ impaired kidneys . jpm17
china internet stocks jd & amp ; bidu get upgrades , 1 has 50 % upside emergingmarket @barronstechblog @barronsonline
oppenheimer : here are the three main reasons to be bullish on facebook in 2017 fb
final 24 hours of this blowout 50-75 % off sale i 've extended wayyyy too long , no more extensions fb twtr
garmin 's new fenix smartwatches do what the apple watch ca n't . ces2017 grmn aapl
gild breakout : standing room only . jpm17
shares of alibaba were up 1.2 % following jack ma 's positive meeting with president-elect donald trump :
retailers with a defined health & amp ; wellness strategy are among the world 's largest & amp ; fastest growing via
amazon , known for selling stuff , wins golden globes goldenglobes amazon amzn
good earth jobs with trump golden globes ddd tm aria amag srpt fb jpm : via @youtube
gild was moved from grand ballroom because biden is here , speaking . jpm17
young : the va has been a very powerful driver of patient starts in hcv . gild
`` we need to talk about copay escalation '' says gild on question on pricing issue . also says need to 'jointly own ' issue with pbms . jpm17
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` stock market update : when 'group think ' takes over ... '' by @markarbeter spy djia htt
young reminds suits that hcv still incredibly efficient , i.e. , lots of . gild jpm17
mcdonald 's just sold off most of its business in china in 2.1bn deal . mcd is flat today v
rt @mktsinsider : alibaba founder jack ma meets with trump , pledges to create 1 million us jobs baba
rt @cnbcclosingbell : some big interviews coming up ! we 'll hear from ceos of @askbbt , @merck , @ibm . bbt mrk ibm . do n't miss !
atlassian expands social task management portfolio with trello acquisition adbe goog msft
alibaba founder jack ma meets with trump , pledges to create 1 million us jobs baba
video : gs economist zach pandl on december s 'solid ' us jobs report & amp ; rising wages .
interest remains in them thar gold miners etfs gdx gdxj jdst nugt jnug
after a lousy 2016 , nike is up over 5 % this year . nke
a timeline of every new iphone feature apple has introduced in the last 10 years : aapl
some big interviews coming up ! we 'll hear from ceos of @askbbt , @merck , @ibm . bbt mrk ibm . do n't miss !
@dsarna baba and the sec can do whatever they will do . but i play poker with a marked deck of cards .
spx is on track to post its largest election-to-inauguration day rise since bill clinton s 1996 re-election victory
rt @defotis : 7 emergingmarkets must-reads : wall st in china ; india & amp ; h1b visas , pbr bonds eem ms infy trump
rt @jodigralnick : that 's a wrap for @megtirrell & amp ; me for day 1 @jpm17 . live tomorrow @cnbc : ceos of ilmn athn regn vrx agn shpg es
that 's a wrap for @megtirrell & amp ; me for day 1 @jpm17 . live tomorrow @cnbc : ceos of ilmn athn regn vrx agn shpg esrx edit myl gild
trump says one of china s most notorious thieves of american ip is a great , great entrepreneur baba
mixed markets , ndx gets a boost from aapl & amp ; fb . unusual activity in aria , drj buys calls in ddd . @jonnajarian
starbucks gets personal with virtual baristas as part of ai push | cio sbux
today marks 10 years since the iphone was introduced . what 's next for apple in the next 10 years ? @kevinolearytv we
rt @kaylatausche : msft ceo nadella says has ongoing blockchain pilot program w/ bac . cross-border payments settled in 5 mins , down from 7
msft ceo nadella says has ongoing blockchain pilot program w/ bac . cross-border payments settled in 5 mins , down from 7 days . fif2017
stock indexes mixed , but apple clears entry : aapl fcntx fmagx fbalx gkos agx
tsla pushes new enhanced autopilot update . aims for whole fleet by end of the week ...
apple plans 'high-tech manufacturing ' of data-center gear in arizona aapl
company to hold 36 billion of baba shares after @yahoo core assets sold to @verizon will be called altaba ( not a typo ) .
the 30b company that will remain after yahoo is sold will be called altaba , mayer wo n't be on the board . yhoo vz
just in : company that will hold 36b of baba shares after yahoo core assets are sold to verizon will be called altaba , have 5 member board .
nadella recalls best instance of gov't cooperation : christmas 2014 , as msft saw attacks spike after hosting `` the interview '' movie on @xbox
regn : facility for dupi is ok , says fda jpm17
rt @jq1234t : regn ceo jpm17 : people in the industry promise not to raise drug price more than 10 % per year , then raise the price 9.9 % !
the public , patients & amp ; doctors have to respect what we do as an industry - regn ceo on pricing live at jpm17
len schleifer from regn giving stirring plea for drug companies to prove drugs fairly . regn jpm17
what the iphone 8 could look like : aapl
rt @cnbc : just in : company that will hold 36b of baba shares after yahoo core assets are sold to verizon will be called altaba , have 5 me
amzn was a popular net buy during the holiday season . learn more about last month s investor activity :
apple upping its `` made in the usa '' game . aapl
regn ceo : `` i would rather work with the payer groups than be in direct opposition to them all the time ''
in order to thrive in the stock market , you first need to understand the behavior of it ! so read up fb twtr
rt @gomoneybadger : want to invest in pcs ? hate apple ? there s a stock ( or five ) for that : wdc stx
agn : industry generally well behaved thru first 9 days of year . drug prices raises only 7-8 % netting 2-4 % . `` acceptable . '' jpm17
why intel wants a piece of mapping app here : intc
regn on praluent : len says amgn is not caring about patients by not allowing a delay of the injunction . jpm17
sweeperbrief 1/09/17 uvxy bzh ypf vxx gogo fb myl dis sbux xlv
regn : i 'm predicting we 're going to be able to work with the pbms to get patients the right drug .
yahoo 's yhoo news on plans for the holding company for its baba shares explained by @jowens510
another good day in the market with apple , facebook and starbucks all up . of course our little star woof helped ! aapl fb sbux
ok. no one believes me in the office . yahoo is really going to be called altaba ? ? ? it 's bad enough its the worst company , but really ? yhoo
another big day for @cnbc @megtirrell @jpm17 tues : ceos of ilmn athn regn vrx agn shpg esrx edit myl gild , starting @squawkcnbc
new deal with a leading china department store will further digital transformation of old-school retailing baba
nvda nvidia brilliance moves to 'cloud gaming' cc @nvidia my take via @cnnmoney
rt @jodigralnick : another big day for @cnbc @megtirrell @jpm17 tues : ceos of ilmn athn regn vrx agn shpg esrx edit myl gild , st
today was the 10th anniversary of the apple iphone . aapl is up ... ready ... 881 % since it was released : aapl
nvda just stunned the world again ( long ) my take via @cnnmoney
alibaba offers to buy out intime retail for 2.5 billion , at 42 % premium via @barronsasia baba 1833.hk
@sarahkarlin someone else made point regn starts w high prices .
gold hits 5-week high @barronsasia gld gdx nugt dust
rt @mnkahn : time to believe in gold stocks again - profitabletrading via @addthis gdx
jeesh when you put it that way amazon actually seems undervalued . seriously . amzn
rt @tischendorf : shop shopify all-time high stock . this looks like a new leader in the making . amzn
rt @stocktwits : today was the 10th anniversary of the apple iphone . aapl is up ... ready ... 881 % since it was released :
aapl lol . magnificence is n't a big enough word .
takeda buys ariad for 5.2 billion : a good deal ? via @barronsasia aria vrx
7 industries apple 's iphone has completely destroyed or disrupted : aapl
rt @jodigralnick : vrx ceo on @halftimereport tomorrow w/ @megtirrell at jpm17
rt @jodigralnick : . @matthewherper @adamfeuerstein should be a fun segment when @megtirrell interviews regn ceo tomorrow on @squawkalley @
how google s waymo plans to accelerate the development of autonomous vehicles - googl
take just a second to imagine if yahoo had n't acquired that alibaba stake . yhoo baba
icymi : all of @megtirrell 's jpm17 ceo interviews in one convenient place ! bmrn lly celg jnj alxn mrk :
if you did n't get that netflix is dominant in tv from the goldenglobes2017 they are growing like crazy . hiring ev
not sure if this is true . arabic speaking friends ... yhoo altaba setting money on fire .
a 25 make america great again hat sells for 50 cents on alibaba 's taobao . tidbit : trump 's sec nominee , jay clayton
ibm - big breakout formation on the blue chip -
oppenheimer : here are the 3 main reasons to be bullish on facebook in 2017 fb
macau gaming off to exceptional start in 2017 via @barronsasia lvs mgm wynn
valeant is selling its dendreon cancer biz to china 's sanpower . scoop w/ @jonathanrockoff @davecbenoit vrx
valeant to sell dendreon cancer business to china s sanpower for 820 million cash via @barronsasia vrx
why alibaba is deutsche 's top china internet pick for 2017 @shuli_ren baba
apple is the greenest tech company in the world , according to greenpeace aapl
rt @christhesuit : potential fat pitch in gold dollar yen gdx @jessefelder @markyusko @bamabroker
. @jimcramer explains why good news is not good for aapl
those were the days . when everyone complained about the antenna not working . we miss you steve . iphone 10yr .
we can love each other . trump ma china us baba 
vrx had bought dndn for 495m two years ago
rt @philipvandoorn : 28 long-term bargain stocks expected to show the fastest earnings growth bac swn abbv luv h
the fentanyl abuse epidemic insy abbv abt endp endp jnj pfe nvs
najarian brothers see unusual activity in disney and 3d systems ddd dis
bang ! rt @indianagraininc what a nice ride in fcx doc j ! ! ! @jonnajarian @halftimereport fcx
facebook prepares to take p2p payments abroad fb by @biintelligence
rt @barronsnext : we talked to fitbit ceo james park about how the company plans to get back in shape . ces2017 fit
growth in caffeine still potent , but potential for buzz kills looms dnkn pg sbux sjm via @motifinvesting
. @alibabagroup exec chairman jack ma + @realdonaldtrump met , discussed creating 1 million jobs baba
top stocks per exchange : bzx = jnug , byx = xlf , edgx = jnug , edga = aria makingmarketsbetter
common trading mistakes : by @lanceroberts spy spx qqq dia
qualcomm lets drones learn as they fly qcom
qualcomm lets drones learn as they fly qcom by @biintelligence
baba looks to add chinese retailer intime for 2.6 billion
valeant turns assets to cash with 2.1 billion in deals vrx
rt @biuk : amazon lags behind apple , google , and facebook on renewable energy amzn
agn ceo up next on @halftimereport from jpm17 - tune in !
charts of the day : vrx shares jump , cmg gains on sales trend @seanansmith
mcdonald 's china sale could lead to an attractive risk-adjusted return in 2017 mcd
minutes away : agn @allergan ceo @brentlsaunders joins @megtirrell live & amp ; exclusive from jpm17 on @powerlunch @cnbc
a look inside prince 's investments when he died : 67 10-ounce gold bars , no stocks , lots of cash , property .
charts of the day : valeant shares jump , chipotle climbs on sales trend vrx cmg
basketball segment slips , but nike still has long-term growth ahead nke
rt @jimcramer : total agreement with @stephanie_link on agn and i think @brentlsaunders has set the company up for a great 2017. aap club
valeant stock surges following 1.3b l oreal deal vrx via @carletonenglish
total agreement with @stephanie_link on agn and i think @brentlsaunders has set the company up for a great 2017. aap club name
how do you like them apples ? aapl moving back toward all-time high levels . last hit in april 2015 . iphone10years
verizon , at & amp ; t prepare to face off with back-to-back earnings releases s t vz tmus yhoo twx
valeant to pay down 5 billion in 18 months to reduce debt , ceo joseph papa says vrx
googl beating the market with risk controlled options
valeant 's shares hit 16.28 apiece midday as investors wonder what it will sell next : vrx
icymi : @valeant vrx ceo talks to @megtirrell at jpm17 about deals , paying down debt , more : @cnbc @halftimereport
facebook will begin testing `` mid-roll '' ads in videos on its platform to help the company generate revenue from growing video audiences fb
yahoo 's struggles show what happens when tech companies fail to adapt : yhoo vz
last 12 hours of this blowout 50-75 % off sale i 've extended wayyyy too long , no more extensions fb twtr
facebook makes jpmorgan 's list of best ideas for 2017 fb googl nflx
rt @dougkass : @jimcramer agn climbs + 5/share from the the day 's lows . now at 222+ we added/made this a realmoneypro best idea on 12.13.2
us stock indices holding higher in early afternoon trading : ndx up 0.4 % setting another record high , helped by a 0.8 % gain in csco .
. @jimcramer admits he was wrong in underestimating the value of valeant 's skin care lines :
@stevekopack will have more than baba - yahoo japan , cash and other assets as well .
investors continue to debate the fate of facebook under trump ; shares could approach 150 fb
is financial stock laggard american express finally getting some love ? axp
rt @charliebilello : total return , last 10 years ... s & amp ; p 500 : +97 % msci mexico : -0.2 % spy eww
it took idxx way too long to respond to the woof bid . i bet that agn gets another boost after the jpm conference ends .
total return , last 10 years ... s & amp ; p 500 : +97 % msci mexico : -0.2 % spy eww
pretty much every year earnings estimates start high . then every year they drop . this chart by the wsj spy voo
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` 5 global market charts for investors ( around the globe ) '' by @callum_thomas gld oil
apple might finally be back on track . aapl
rt @sheltonwillia1 : tsla there is no one company that is contributing other than tesla for the sole survival of human kind . period . stock
curly fries now on the menu at mcdonald 's japan mcd
nasdaq going to register her 3rd straight all-time closing high as us growthaccelerating continues qqq
rt @goldmansachs : gs is proudly hanging the korean flag in our 200 west street headquarters today to honor the deputy prime minister s vis
rt @cnnmoney : apple might finally be back on track . aapl
rt @stephlandsman : s & amp ; p 500 has ends unchanged first time it has happened since january 3 , 2008 via ( @humonthemarkets ) spx stocks
s & amp ; p 500 has ends unchanged first time it has happened since january 3 , 2008 via ( @humonthemarkets ) spx stocks
minutes away : gild @gileadsciences ceo joins @megtirrell live and exclusive at jpm17 on @cnbcfastmoney @cnbc
our 2 days of live jpm17 cvg nearly over . last intvw coming up on @cnbcfastmoney , w gild ceo john milligan . think i should ask about m & amp ; a ?
today 's spx unch day was just the 10th instance since 1980. coincidentally , the last 3 have occurred in january ( 2017 , 2008 , 1997 )
rt @jodigralnick : one more to go ! next up from jpm17 - gild @gileadsciences ceo joins @megtirrell live and exclusive on @cnbcfastmoney 5p
theunwinding at yahoo ! @brianwomack helps us figure it out . yhoo
rt @cnbcfastmoney : autos have revved up since the election gm tm f tsla
autos have revved up since the election gm tm f tsla
david plouffe is joining mark zuckerberg 's philanthropy project the chan zuckerberg initiative :
rt @thedomino : turns out fang stocks were among biggest drags on a day when nasdaq comp hits a record high fb -0.4 % amzn -0.1 % nflx -0.8
aapl how owning options during earnings turned the sleepy stock into a 90 % winner
@oddstocktrader you talking about spy ? they been having em . where you been ...
rt @corytv : alibaba 's 2.1b intime retail deal is the 98th announced in 5 years . these acquisitions total 42b . baba rollupsalwaysendwel
icymi : all of @megtirrell 's awesome jpm17 intvws are here : ilmn athn regn vrx agn shpg esrx edit myl gild
yahoo ! yhoo +2.3 % last night . will be renaming itself altaba after sale of net biz to verizon . will hold 15 % stake in alibaba a markets
rt @bkbriankelly : here is the chart on xlf vs rates that i just mentioned on @cnbcfastmoney
too far , too fast ? banks kick-off earnings season friday . jpm bac blk wfc
the nasdaq-100 traded at new all-time highs today . it 's also climbed higher for 6 straight days : qqq
spy aapl the marvelous world of option trading
small businesses across the country are apparently loving life right now . this fact : spy djia iwm
sources : amazon quietly acquired ai security startup harvest.ai for around 20m | techcrunch amzn
rt @ds_investools : 01/10/17 - view today 's market forecast here : discussed : spx dia gld tlt uso uup eem xlf
nvda nvidia 's brilliant new cloud business ; here comes the king
aapl a must read if you 're long apple , imho the radical importance of apple services my take via @cnnmoney
goldman sachs 's risk appetite measure is at its highest point in history gs
rt @gigabarb : aapl , fb , and google ace greenpeace energy report card , amzn lags .
salix has an opportunity for incremental growth this year , says vrx jpm17
vrx price increases of between 4 % and 9 % were made in 1st week january in opthamology , dermatology jpm17
rt @marketplace : in a year , @nickbilton says twtr will be trading at single digits .
rt @sarpring : vrx papa : `` we 've done a lot of m & amp ; a in the past ; that 's not going to be something we 're looking at in the future '' jpm17 jpm
fda decision on approval of psoriasis drug brodalumab is expected feb. 16 says vrx jpm17
vrx says it increased year over year r & amp ; d spend by 38 %
@emmarcourt two announcements today , a 1.38 billion sale to l'oreal and 819.9 million to sanpower group , will pay down vrx debt jpm17
vrx says divestitures generates 2.35 bln upfront and up to 2.7 bln incl . milestones jpm17
gold hits 6-week high ; what s ahead for gold etfs ? gld gdx nugt dust
6 reasons trump talked jobs with alibaba s ma @defotis baba azmn china
in case you missed it : the iphone turned 10 this week . insiders look back : aapl
5 secrets of millionaires that you should use too study up asap fb twtr
incredible given facebook 's 6x mau . twtr fb
nflx the magnificent pattern in netflix earnings has returned 300 % with options .
apple , facebook , and google top greenpeace energy report card aapl fb googl
rt @stocktwits : whoa . nailed it ? : spy voo
credit suisse 2017 china outlook : we prefer a-shares , old economy stocks via @barronsasia hsci hsi shcomp baba
google is aggressively trying to corral ai talent , with acquisitions in speech and image recognition . goog googl
rt @xgemtrader : @michael_khouw @guyadami @bkbriankelly chart of fcx i thought was interesting @cnbcfastmoney @optionsaction
aapl the radical importance of apple services
22 stocks moving in wednesday 's premarket adm arwr dsci bioc enph tgtx gern kerx mrk sgmo sgnl gnvc sig
rt @valeanttruth : pretty amazing that after all this time we are still number one vrx ! ! you know you missed us as we missed all of you . h
spx futs flattish ahead of trumps first conference . see if 2260-2265 holds to keep upper momentum- level & amp ; thoughts
i 've had a crazy journey so far , here 's what life has taught me so far good to see fb twtr
salim syed , our biotech analyst , met with gild management today , who discussed m & amp ; a possibilities . jpmhc35
the market today . pretty much summed up with one image . what trump did to healthcare/biotech :
rt @rchenmit : nvidia nvda winning b/c of widespread eagerness 2 leverage unsupervised learning , nlp machinelearning data revolution upon
qqq another all-time high , support at 122/120.8/120/119
the djia gained 98 points today after donald trump 's press conference . learn more :
gld gc_f continues higher to 50sma , 1200/1210/1245 resistance above , support 1185/1145/1100
rt @wallstjesus : crm fslr aapl lead wednesday 's bull sweeper activity | wiseguy action in review |
bac friends , this is edge . this is winning . my take via @cnnmoney
rt @ds_investools : 01/11/17 - view today 's market forecast here : discussed : spx dia gld tlt uso uup eem xl
rt @yahoofinance : amazon 's next move to dominate retail ? offering a credit card with 5 % back amzn
it should not be hard to say vladimir putin s army has committed war crimes in aleppo . @marcorubio xom
fb amps up advertising efforts for the new year
apple just closed at its highest price in over a year . and everyone is talking about their airpods :
that was an inspiring talk . thanks also for your time @chamath fb amzn
csco slow and steady stock has meant a huge option winner
@derkomizar2 i do , but only when there 's edge . see my report on aapl earnings vol :
bac option traders : this is edge . this is winning . be . powerful .
make investing great again with potus indexes- oligarch ( xom fb gs etc ) , drain the swamp ( gm ba nyt )
crude oil surges 3.5 % ; brent rises above 55 oil xom uso
amzn likely crushes them all .
nflx the simple strategy that returned 300 % in netflix options -- and it keeps working .
returns since s & amp ; p peak in oct '07 ... xly : +152 % xlp : +134 % xlv : +129 % xlk : +108 % xli : +83 % xlu : +64 % xlb : +44 % xle : +17 % xlf : -2 %
returns since s & amp ; p peak in march '00 xly : +244 % xlp : +237 % xle : +234 % xlb : +197 % xlu : +192 % xli : +175 % xlv : +174 % xlf : +51 % xlk : -7 %
2017 returns ... short vol : +18 % ( up every day in '17 ) long vol : -16 % ( down every day in '17 ) xiv vxx
tesla 's big hire may mean more competition for apple and google tsla aapl googl
live : facebook launches what it s calling the facebook journalism project - @serwer explains
rt @yahoofinance : apple plans major push into original tv show & amp ; movies , taking on amazon amzn & amp ; netflix nflx - 
apple plans major push into original tv show & amp ; movies , taking on amazon amzn & amp ; netflix nflx -
amzn follow up strategies- as this bull flag could lead to more upside .
apple looks to hollywood , 20 years after steve jobs said content makes great products aapl
nasdaq soars as dow and s & amp ; p bore - dragonfly capital spy dia qqq
instagram 's snapchat replica begins monetizing fb
rt @marketcurrents : fitbit held talks to acquire jawbone premarket fit
wunderlich very bullish on callaway 's ogio acquisition ely nke
gold hits highest level in 3 months gdx gld jnug nugt
rt @mattmegan5 : breaking : @amazon says it will create more than 100k new full-time us jobs by mid-2018 . would give amzn 280k us employees
alphabet , ak steel and goldman sachs : @cnbcfastmoney picks for january 12 aks eem googl gs
amazon says it plans to add 100k full-time workers to it 's u.s. workforce by mid-2018 . amzn
amazon plans to create 100k full time , full benefit jobs over next 18 months : amzn
breaking - amazon announced they will add 100,000 full-time , full-benefit jobs in the us by mid-2018 . amzn
breaking : @amazon says it will create more than 100k new full-time us jobs by mid-2018 . would give amzn 280k us employees vs 30k in 2011
stocks to watch today : apple , inc aapl amzn delta airlines dal
amid all the trashing on tim cook , aapl is up 19 % over past year .
amazon plans to add 100,000 u.s. jobs in move that could improve shipping and get kudos from trump . amzn
how to value cbs in light of radio segment spinoff cbs dish googl
but destroy a million jobs in that time frame . bye bye check out people . amzn
rt @richbtig : listen : @adambain on twitter , facebook , youtube , snapchat and the gloomy future of tv ads cc : @fmanjoo @jyarow twtr
record high for alcoa : aa
apple killed it in wireless headphone sales last month aapl
benzinga 's top upgrades , downgrades for january 12 abc acm adbe ms xrx bac mrk dis x lmt twlo utx
savings chatbot digit debuts on messenger fb
`` central bank put ... was replaced with the trump put ... on november 9th '' -- savita subramanian , bofa merrill lynch
airline earnings take off with delta 's in-line report dal aal jblu luv ual
rt @seekingalpha : forcerank sentiment indicator slides for these 3 discretionary stocks nke tsla fit
. @amazon plans to hire 100,000 americans over the next 18 months . amzn
for me @dr973 it 's a no-brainer : atvi . more ways to win & amp ; while nvda has great tech it 's a heated space w/high ri
apple 's stock has more than doubled since @tim_cook became ceo , but can he hold a candle to steve jobs ?
this is what really matters most so never forget it fb twtr
amazon sees rapid job growth , plans 100k new u.s. jobs amzn
@roosbrews that 's the thing @amazon 's profitability ( or lack thereof in recent past ) has n't deterred investors amzn up 700+ % since 10/09
while all eyes are focused on earnings from bac , wfc & amp ; jpm , this top insurer may be nearing a breakout . pri
oppenheimer 2017 top picks : twilio shines with possible amazon collaboration amzn twlo
healthcare 2017 : m & amp ; a pickup & amp ; moderating drug price increases ahead , says gs ' jami rubin :
amazon , inc. 's aws is crushing it -- and it has more room to run - amzn
this thing could launch if we get another upswing in indicies csx
amazon says it will create 100,000 jobs in the us @mylesudland amzn
apple fortifies carekit security aapl by @biintelligence
17 for 2017 : top cannabis industry experts share predictions for marijuana - part 3 acbff fb iipr gwph zyne
socgen upgrades bank of america , morgan stanley , ubs ahead of q4 earnings bac c jpm ubs ms
is the renewed obamacare debate an opportunity to buy healthcare stocks ? @jimcramer weighs in :
rt @natisangulorico : amazon plans to create 100k new jobs in the us : via @circa amzn
ms mkt up on specter of taxes , repatriation , stimulus , regulation , confidence , among other variables , driving higher earnings . 2/3
amazon plans to create 100k new jobs in the us : via @circa amzn
more on amazon 's plan to add 100k jobs in 18 months . just five years ago , amzn had 30k employees . soon , 280k .
live : amazon to hire 100,000 full-time workers over next 18 months - amzn
rt @cnntech : . @amazon says it will create 100,000 full-time jobs in the u.s. over the next 18 months amzn
amazon sees rapid job growth , plans 100k new u.s. jobs amzn
bac jpm wfc pnc infy blk frc fhn
coming up : watch @alexistvnews @rickjnewman @mylesudland talk amzn hiring , t and twx deal , & amp ; obamacare
trump effect or counter to alibaba ? amazon to create 100,000 new full-time jobs amzn baba
rt @jolingkent : amazon plans to create 100k full time , full benefit jobs over next 18 months : amzn
how facebook is taking more steps to curb fake news fb
why @anderskeitz is watching exxonmobil on fillorkill : xom
we 're now joined by @llsethj of @9to5mac , detailing @apple 's original content plans . aapl cheddarlive
icpt on the move again . buyout offers from nvs or gild next week ? this stock is my 1 pick for a strong move in q1 biotech stocks
fantastic , plus they own 18 % of aa that they can liquidate and really help the balance sheet
rt @stockstotrade : when stockstotrade helps you find the profitable trades ... successfultraders stockmarket fb twtr
how apple 's culture of secrecy wears down its top developers aapl
djia - dow jones industrials ... thus far correcting through `` time '' . but selling would likely accelerate if dec 30
facebook has a mysterious team working on tech that sounds a lot like mind reading fb
`` take a ride with us in a self-driving audi q7 using nvidia autonomous tech '' nvda
apple wants content to compete with spotify aapl nflx
tax cuts could boost spx eps by 7-18 %
the twitter exec in charge of making advertisers spend money explains what he is saying to clients right now twtr
facebook and instagram are trying to upstage snapchat . fb
taken out between 155 - 170 by valentines day ... bidding war between gild , nvs , and one dark horse bidder ...
despite being infamously known as a destroyer of jobs , amazon actually plans to create 100,000 new jobs :
@loomdart @cryptoethan see those earnings for the banks . wow . growth stocks again . just getting started . jpm bac
lot of large-cap been coiling now for weeks . time to move . good morning folks spy
jim cramer gives his opinion on mccormick , rr donnelley & amp ; sons and new relic adbe crm newr cat mkc
i think the longer tsla holds 225ish the better the next trade above 232
the amzn options we bought when it was 750 is a hold through earnings . i trimmed some . so it 's a basic free play
the djia is rising in pre-market hours as the earnings season begins . learn more :
amazon announces 100,000 new us jobs as trump presidency nears amzn
rt @foxbusinessam : amazon to add 100k new u.s. jobs in the next 18 months amzn jobs @amazon @leafoxnews
tesla revealed what it will charge for a charge : tsla
rt @rachelkbeals : how , after 20 years since online retailing emerged , does only amzn stand head & amp ; shoulders above ? @bkollmeyer
wedbush 's seth basham : rating for tractor supply company tsco upgraded to outperform
returns since election ... bac : +38 % gs : +36 % ms : +30 % jpm : +26 % wfc : +23 % c : +21 %
jim cramer on jpmorgan : best quarter ever jpm bac
what we know now about the nintendo switch msft ntdoy sne switchhype
among the stocks hitting record highs in today 's trading ? jpmorganchase jpm csx comcast cmcsa snapon sna parker hannifin ph etc
thank you nick , almost too easy . @nick0demus nice call @jonnajarian on fb at 115 levels in dec .
rt @chrisdieterich : dow-tracking dia is garnering disproportionate flows of late versus voo spy and the like | h
make your friday even better by adding some stock-watching to your schedule : jpm bac wfc fcau p
friday the 13th is historically a better-than-average day for the spx , notes @hsilverb
shares of facebook are up almost 2 % friday after analysts at raymond james upgraded the stock to 'strong buy ' :
holly joined the gs degree apprenticeship to experience a fast paced industry while earning her degree . read more
bac , jpm , wfc , ms and gs have added more than 200 billion in combined market cap since the election . this :
why is n't nasdaq 5500 as big a story as dow 20k ? spx spy dia djia ndx compq
@shaun2k5 @vrscout @tipatat @thevrfund tbh if you have n't been closely following msft you 'd have no clue - they 're positioned in big way rn
. @jimcramer looks at how banking stocks will fare in an era of interest rate increases :
aapl covered calls with a twist turn a profit .
market closed for mlk day on monday but lots of earnings next week nonetheless . unh ms ual csx c gs usb nflx unp bk ibm axp ge
apple 's best days may be behind it , but that should not be a short-term deterrent via @thestreet - aapl
bank earnings ; bac , jpm , wfc , gs . calls in ual , ibm earnings 1/19 , nflx . w @joeatiger tlt . host @angiemiles
facebook upgraded to strong buy at raymond james - fb
thanks . i 've pounding the table on tsla since 197ish . the morning pre-open tweet was another cash flow set up . it
30 key stock market rules that allowed me to make 164,000 in 1 week study up fb twtr
@scaramucci gets the knife set . ski utah arry jpm fb amzn vix baba : via @youtube
nasdaq 100 +0.4 % and above its record close with under an hour to the bell on wall st. fb providing a major lift with a 1.6 % gain . ndx
it was really out there . i do n't know -- very non-linear . you never head anything from facebook about what you do on
36 companies in the s & amp ; p 500 report earnings next week . including ibm , goldman , and netflix : nflx gs ibm
apple 's airpod success : headphone users show they 're willing to cut the cord aapl
morgan stanley earnings on tap ; what are expectations for trump era ? ms tri
if some asks `` is it safe ? '' to buy bank stocks , warn them about the 'bearish divergence ' in rsi
breakout watch : primerica enters buy zone after jpm & amp ; bac earnings , but volume tepid . pri
pypl very strong lately ( long position trade for me ) .
17 china stocks to own in 2017 emergingmarket asia baba cha pngay internet shenzhen hongkong @barronsonline
zero complaints from me heading into a long weekend emc emmbf kek keekf mcig vbio
more good times ahead for big banks due to higher rates & amp ; trump ? i 'll discuss jpm bac wfc earnings w/ @poppyharlowcnn on @cnni at 4:20 et
mott capital says netflix ( nflx ) at forefront of paradigm shift , talks disney , hain , nxpi deal , more - nflx
rt @lkramer : dyson hires former tesla executive -- will it also sell cars ? tsla via @thestreet
rt @cheddar : though tech was hurt after the election , @kevinkellyrecon says there 's been a reversal & amp ; the sector will lead the djia to 20k
though tech was hurt after the election , @kevinkellyrecon says there 's been a reversal & amp ; the sector will lead the
it 's ok to love banks again @taralch via @bfly jpm bac wfc
markets mixed , djx up and down , spx & amp ; ndx up slightly . unusual activity fb , tsla , & amp ; arry . host @jonnajarian
70 % of spx companies have beat eps estimates for q4 to date , above the 5-year average ( 67 % ) .
@cvpayne i absolutely agree ! agn and icpt set for big gains in 2017/2018 !
today s stocks winners : fb , grub , p
a whole lot of noise , but little change out of the spy this week . | stuck at highs |
fair attempt by the bulls ! spy spx . thanks for all the follows , favs , retweets ! have a great 3-day weekend .
the market is now closed for the week so watch these 2 free great trading webinars study up and enjoy fb twtr
whatsapp 's upcoming 'enterprise ' platform for businesses is already hidden in the app fb
emmbf emc is my biggest position , hoping for a biotech hybrid on their end . part cultivator part drug maker
big pressure on netflix to blow away earnings and subscriber forecasts next week . nflx up 3 % today , 8 % ytd . back near its all-time high .
tesla stock is in ludicrous mode this year . but does it need to recharge ? tsla up 3 % today and 11 % already in 2017 .
rt @toddhagopian : @cvpayne i absolutely agree ! agn and icpt set for big gains in 2017/2018 !
2017 could be a huge year for smartphones : aapl nok bbry
nasdaq caps off strong start to year ; netflix upgraded ahead of earnings : amzn nflx db fb aapl carb cpe
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high list jumps to 31 stocks with financials , tech & amp ; industrials leading . xlf xlk xli
find out more in julia 's petition to @wholefoods here wfm reinstatejulia
tsla charging fees , aapl macbook pro , fb upgrade , jpm & amp ; bac earnings . host @marleykayden .
rt @cnbcfastmoney : @grassosteve thinks nvda is the stock for the next decade !
rt @cnbcfastmoney : @bkbriankelly is betting on tsla for the next 10 years !
@bkbriankelly is betting on tsla for the next 10 years !
@guyadami says to buy amzn for the next 10 years
@grassosteve thinks nvda is the stock for the next decade !
5 ways to find happiness & amp ; purpose it 's what truly matters fb twtr
the strange deal 2 drug makers had over a medicine with a skyrocketing price vrx kdmn via @yahoofinance
rt @optionsaction : nflx is up before earnings , and @michael_khouw says it 's time to binge on the stock . here 's his trade .
amzn 's newest streaming services represent a fresh threat to content providers
nflx is up before earnings , and @michael_khouw says it 's time to binge on the stock . here 's his trade .
it 's ok to love banks again via @bfly wfc jpm bac
could it be time to bet against the banks ? @michael_khouw thinks so , and he 's got a c trade .
great advice from star millennial advisor francine lai how to trade trump tweets ! twtr maga @realdonaldtrump
how sbux is personalizing the customer experience
rt @timothysykes : most important video of 2016 right here watch how my top student made 52,000 in 1 day ! fb twtr
target on icpt of 170+ target on agn of 330+
most important video of 2016 right here watch how my top student made 52,000 in 1 day ! fb twtr
rt @charliebilello : 10 years ago netflix announced the launch of streaming video . its stock has since gained 4021 % , new high today nflx ht
with us reporting season starting up , find out when key companies like nflx will be reporting here .
photos : first look at amazon 's new barnes & amp ; noble killer amzn bks
10 years ago netflix announced the launch of streaming video . its stock has since gained 4021 % , new high today nflx
the blended ( actual + estimated ) revenue growth rate for spx for q4 is 4.6 % .
here 's a reminder to never give up with hard work amazing things are possible fb twtr
nflx knows how to get votes .
the best thing i 've ever done and wish more people would do this too giving back matters fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : 3 key books you should read right away to wise up knowledge is power fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : the best thing i 've ever done and wish more people would do this too giving back matters fb twtr
1981 shilling says bond mkt near `` rally of lifetime . '' 30yr treasury yield 15 % . today 3 % . long bond beat spy by 5.5x
@mcdonalds will keep a 20 % stake after this china deal is done . mcd
nflx heading higher on strength of original content , international growth
last descending channel that could have brought big smiles to start 2017 tsla . and many trades thereafter .
memory lane . i love descending channels . this one in aapl helped last years p & amp ; l. anyone focus on this with me
if the s & amp ; p 500 finishes higher in 2017 , it will be 9 consecutive up years , tying the record from 1991-99 . spx spy
s & amp ; p 500 , dow , & amp ; nasdaq 100 on pace for their 9th consecutive positive year . spy dia qqq
what to expect from stock market this week - dragonfly capital spy iwm qqq gld and more
netflix heading higher on strength of original content , international growth - nflx
you have 2 days left to buy a tesla with free , unlimited supercharger use tsla
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` weekly stock market outlook : optimism running high '' by @williedelwiche spy qqq tn
great article on netflix strategy to take over the world . infrastructure and a 'breaking bad ' for every country . at a new high . nflx
very interesting about twtr
rt @ophirgottlieb : aapl the radical importance of apple services
aapl has a winner here , it 's bigger than ws sees and it will have an impact on future products for apple . ( long aa
final final 48 hours to save 35-70 % off blowout sale at your absolute final chances to save big fb twtr
the blended ( actual + estimated ) earnings growth rate for spx for q4 is 3.2 % .
pandora is ready to go head to head with spotify and applemusic . p aapl
new airpod ads sound *amazing* on airpods ( available in 6-8 weeks ) aapl
barron s experts : 8 picks for a topsy-turvy year via @barronsnext vtv iwm xlf dxj googl amat oled hxl
why did apple pick a fight nonprofit consumer reports ? aapl
aapl as i said , msm and ws are missing the impact of airpods . this is a legitimate win for apple and has legs for
amazon wants to reinvent the physical bookstore , and just about everything else . amzn
facebook and instagram are trying to upstage snapchat . fb
fb share rebound helps mark zuckerberg recoup 5 bln of post-election losses
where do you start ? i suggest with this penny stocks 101 infographic it 's good to review the basics fb twtr
morgan stanley ms cuts bankers bonuses by ~15 % on weak ipo & amp ; deal flow , reports firm laid off number of snr level bankers last week -- reuters
how garmin is beating apple at the smartwatch game . wearables fenix applewatch grmn aapl
the gold etf started trading in november 2004. returns since ... gld : +157 % spy : +145 %
rt @stockstotrade : sometimes you 've got ta fail before you can succeed . traderwisdom winningstrategies fb twtr
rt @stockstotrade : get help finding the best trades from a source you trust- like stt . start planning now ! tradertoolbox markethumor fb
good call @jeffinance , it 's the only way he can move the needle . aapl
no wonder twtr trades at such discount . wonder what % of users here are angry/hate filled about humans that have no affect on their lives .
do you have the proper millionaire mindset ? let 's just see about that fb twtr
tsla elon musk is a blizzard fan . his video game recommendations : overwatch , hearthstone
rt @factset : the blended ( actual + estimated ) earnings growth rate for spx for q4 is 3.2 % .
if i was starting an online business right now , i would do this it 's a great time to be alive fb twtr
12 key millionaire habits utilize them every single day fb twtr
apple , google , netflix are in buy range ; amazon , facebook near breakouts aapl googl nflx
rt @cheddar : . @purewow ceo @ryanharwood27 says he and @garyvee have already discussed how to capitalize on fb 's new mid-roll ads . cheddar
q4 earnings preview : stocks expecting 50 % or higher growth : nvda ms trex
q4 earnings preview : see which stocks expect 50 % or higher growth . nvda ms
17 great stock trading terms that you need to know & amp ; study knowing the basics is crucial fb twtr
aapl swks googl mobile , smartphone revolutions just beginning
7 new year 's resolutions for 2017 do n't just make them , make sure you stick to them too fb twtr
some people think rising interest rates hurt the stock market . but look what this chart shows : spy djia
amazon announces a card that 's almost too good to be true - amzn
millenials are loving etfs . no other generation likes them as much . spotted by @abnormalreturns .
googl selling put spreads over the last 3-years : 113 % winner back-tester demo :
rt @adamhgrimes : finding flow in trading and in life study spy
nflx owning otm calls in has returned more than 4,000 % back-tester demo :
fb shh ... selling ( selling ) out of the money calls for the last 3-years has been a huge winner backtester demo :
the cy 2016 earnings growth rate for spx is 0.2 % .
kobe bryant at nrf gala to honor nike ceo mark parker as visionary 2017 nrf17 nke
rt @robwilliamsny : `` central bank put ... was replaced with the trump put ... on november 9th '' -- savita subramanian , bofa merrill lynch spx ht
17 china stocks to own in 2017 @defotis baba cha pngay eem shenzhen hongkong
if the s & amp ; p 500 closes higher this year , it will be the 9th straight year of gains : spy voo vix
rt @ophirgottlieb : bac if you understand this -- then you win trading options .
rt @charliebilello : the gold etf started trading in november 2004. returns since ... gld : +157 % spy : +145 %
17 habits that will make you a millionaire but you got ta work your ass off too fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : 17 habits that will make you a millionaire but you got ta work your ass off too fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : this new long video lesson i made really has opened people 's eyes fb twtr
bank stocks over the last 3 months goldman gs +43 % bofa bac +43 % jp morgan jpm +28 % wells fargo wfc +23 %
a million users isn t cool . you know what s cool ? a billion users . goog googl
yet another tesla owner letting us all know via license plate their car is electric tsla
here 's where pinterest could outdo google and facebook . googl goog fb
slice survey confirms , apple airpods sales explode via @forbes - aapl . been . sayin ' . ( long )
themotleyfool 3 top growth stocks priced at a bargain this winter stocks camp , twtr , pcrx - twtr
nvidia and audi predict self-driving car by 2020 - nvda tsla will be first
think you know what the best trader mindset is ? watch this and see ! fb twtr
`` with iphone x , we see apple doubling down on ar and extending it s lead among ar-capable devices . '' - gene munster
rt @beckyquick : join us tues am ! we are live from davos2017 with a great show : ceos of bac , mar , t , sap , hon , ebay , ey , crm . oh yeah
rt @ibdinvestors : apple , google , netflix are in buy range ; amazon , facebook near breakouts aapl googl nflx amzn
rt @ophirgottlieb : nflx netflix in charts
nflx netflix in charts
apple will invest 1 billion into the world 's largest technology venture fund aapl
rt @timothysykes : here 's how you reduce your stock market learning curve it helps to learn quicker fb twtr
tesla to reveal more about its new gigafactory battery cell production at trade show in march - tsla
the bear equivalent of predicting it will be sold for 65 - twtr
.. @aaronmederosch two weeks does n't make year but em beating spx in 2017 , while kingdollar ( shockingly ) slumps ...
apple accessories can be a rip off . here 's where to look for cheaper chargers and cords . aapl
the trailing 12-month p/e ratio for spx is 20.8 , above the 10-year average ( 16.1 ) .
rt @ukarlewitz : trin ( issues/volume ) has been relatively high . this almost always happens during selloffs/at lows , not highs spx
what history teaches about apple 's windows of opportunity for 2017 aapl @danieleran
google made a brilliant pivot to turn around its self-driving-car struggles via @yahoofinance - googl
will good enough bank earnings improve tomorrow ? gs c goldmansachs citigroup banks earnings
amazon reportedly filed for permission to test wireless communications technology as part of amazon prime air :
what 's surprising to @alexeheath in zuckerberg 's testimony is that he said fb did due-diligence on oculus over one
rt @ukarlewitz : today is day 66 spx
analysts expect citigroup to post earnings of 1.12 a share on sales of 17.3 billion : c
amzn 's next steps toward u.s. drone delivery bode well for investors
csx 's cfo explains how the railroad will survive even without the highly profitable business of coal .
apple stronger on hope that the new iphonex will be an amazing ar phone . i hope apple comes through but its hard to believe . aapl
rt @johncendpts : this is one of those sec fines that says , well , hey , no biggie . ya 'll go for it . 15m is nothing to agn
amazon has a clever idea that would give it a powerful seat in the self driving car business amzn
rt @laurajkeller : one more day of big us bank earnings . see you manana for gs , c . follow my commentary via @theterminal on wallstreet 's
one more day of big us bank earnings . see you manana for gs , c . follow my commentary via @theterminal on wallstreet 's year end
seeking alpha on celg 's relvimid : orphan drug is cheap to produce , but more than 100x more expensive than gold .
@cnbcpro : full interview with bank of america ceo moynihan on the bank 's 35 % stock rally , rising rates bac
portfolio protection - open interest for spx puts ( 8.46 m. ) & amp ; vix calls ( 5.96 m ) rose 4 days in a row
rt @yahoofinance : google made a brilliant pivot to turn around its self-driving-car struggles googl
this chart shows how nflx has performed since its launch of streaming movies a visual from @charliebilello :
and , fb made 1 billion in ~ profit ~ in the most-recent year in its first s-1 . at less than 4x the valuation .
airpods ' reported 26 % market share more like 2-3 % , says npd via @benlovejoy - aapl
kevin kelly 's netflix trade ahead of earnings nflx
rt @ds_investools : 01/17/17 - view today 's market forecast here : discussed : spy iwm gld tlt uso uup eem xlp
david einhorn 's trump-proof investment plan aapl nflx dis gm dsw ds uhal
google is making a big push to fix some of android 's biggest problems in the fight with iphone - aapl googl
3 stocks for macau casino recovery & amp ; vegas growth @defotis mgm wynn byd lvs
gold hits two-month high on brexit fears gld iau gdx
is bitcoin broken ? cybercurrency rises above 900 xbt cny gld
rt @cntechinsights : landscape of startups founded by bat alumni in 2016 : respectively 680 , 429 and 321 companies founded by baba , tcehy
to win the fight against fake news , @storyful 's @mjenkins says fb needs to incentivize users to read & amp ; share verif
do n't forget about nflx earnings tonight .
to sum , fb got away with being fb because at the time of ipo it was a ludicrously great company . and even then had a hard post-ipo period !
looking back , fb had three consecutive years of growing gaap profits before it went public .
rt @endpts : agn aces another promising phiii on uterine fibroid therapy w/ plans to hustle the bundle to fda by
and aapl here ( did n't fit in that tweet )
rt @timothysykes : 13 things successful people do in their 20s but it 's applicable for any age group fb twtr
returns , last 10 years ... amzn : +2,038 % wmt : +80 % tgt : +45 % bby : +18 % bbby : -1 % m : -5 % kss : -27 % spls : -54 %
@mattrosoff fb quarterly results via its orig s-1 iirc
bac there was huge edge in trading bac options
microsoft wants to make it easier to use cortana during a phone call msft
thanks for this . we all help each other which is why the twitter community is special . twtr
spy gave us a new point of reference at 225.80 to start the week . above 224.90 . we 'll see if that holds . resistance 227.25 then 228.30
spx futs +2 after putting in a low at 2262 to start the week , above last weeks low of 2254. we 'll see if that holds . resistance 2272 , 2283
good morning . mostly small/green arrows around the world . in europe the dax+.21 % ftse+.16 % . in asia the nikkei+.43 % hk+1.1 % . spx futs+2
2/ tim arcuri sees 218m aapl iphone units in 2017
1/ tim arcuri publishes detailed aapl iphone supply chain update syna intc qcom
`` brexit is the worst shock to the global economy since wwii '' june 27 . spx 20000
tesla revealed what it will charge for a charge : tsla
hardware distributor s earnings pick up as its noncore products business improves via @me fast
gold at an inflection point - dragonfly capital . gld gc_f
new bank , same earnings story : goldman profit surges , led by trading . fixed-income up 78 % . gs
goldman sachs , citigroup wrap up big bank q4 earnings c gs
a technical look at the apple rally , plus jim cramer 's view aapl
goldman sachs smashes estimates on post-trump surge in trading gs
well done damiangftw beating 113 other analysts and the wall street consensus to take the win for gs -
gs beats the estimize eps consensus by 16c and the estimize revenue consensus by 572.88m -
gs reports fq4 earnings of 5.08 eps and 8.17b revs -
great work by analyst_2140509 who takes the win for c beating 69 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
c reports fq4 earnings of 1.14 eps and 17.01b revs -
airline etf looks to take flight in 2017 jets aal dal ual luv
sweeperbrief - 01/17/17 kgc , wft , hbi , spy , nat , dish , trip , mu @wallstjesus
rt gregorkuhn_ig : rt igtv : here we go again with c shortfall on equity trading but overall positive numbers
rt @vicrek : gdx 's `` short-term breakout looks enticing , especially as few people seemed to be looking for it , '' says @mnkahn
goldman sachs now has a record 1.38 trillion in assets under supervision . here 's a quick gs earnings recap :
netflix 's stock climbs prior to q4 earnings via @usatoday @netflix nflx
citigroup reports higher earnings , lower revenue c
stocks to watch today : c , gs , tgt , pso , nflx
citigroup results : good but not great . citi beat on earnings but missed on revenue . c down 1 % premarket . gs still flat despite solid s .
spx futures are up 2 as the upper ranges tighten as we head into inauguration- levels & amp ; thoughts
gs : '' trade idea 3 : buy jan/feb 245 call calendar and sell jan/feb 225 put calendar for 1.06 '' close ( or expire ) jan pieces
gs : '' trade idea 2 : buy the jan 237.5/jan 230-feb 220 1 2 split strike put spread for 40 cents . '' stc jan 237.5/230 ps at the open
fast : '' trade idea 3 : buy the january 48/47 1 2 put spread for 10 cents . '' try to sell a 48 put or 48/47 ps at the open while iv still high
rising inflation quickly becoming the theme for 2017. if baby boomer , then buy gold gld if millennial , then buy bitcoin xbt
fast : '' trade idea 2 : buy the january/february 50 call calendar for 0.45 . '' watch jan , but nothing to do unless approaches 50
netflix , pepsico , qualcomm , wal-mart : @cnbcfastmoney picks for january 18 nflx pep qcom wmt
busy day , gs to deal with this morning , nflx this afternoon , and classes at cwru start today
goldman sachs profit soars on post-election surge in trading gs earnings
a bit surprised gs is now green . folks want to believe it 's a new ballgame . stock now trades at the same price/book ratio as jpm .
jpm was the best rdr around the 83.28 pivot . i missed that but bought bac 22.20ish trimmed some here - will swing rest vs today 's low
nvda another example of a rdr that caught shorts . two pivots 99.38 and 100.57 . now 102.60 . trim some & amp ; stay with some
target is latest retailer to warn as amazon hogged holidays - tgt amzn
tesla is investing 350 million in its giant gigafactory and hiring hundreds of workers - tsla
rt @tradingnation : gold is doing something it has n't since 2011 . gld
intel introduces platform for retailer iot intc
intel introduces platform for retailer iot intc by @biintelligence
rt @ophirgottlieb : bac there was huge edge in trading bac options
.. @hedgeye leader : financials xlf : sales & amp ; eps gained +3.5 % and +14.1 % laggard : consumer staples xlp : sales & amp ; eps o
rt @igtv : how to trade the negative reaction to gs and c earnings with @jeremynaylor_ig losses can exceed deposit
macau gaming stocks now in-line with 2017 expectations lvs mgm mpel wynn
goldman finds a new notch on its belt . expenses at lowest level in 8 years , and beat its 700m 2016 cost-cutting goal by 200m . gs
questions to ask about aapl foray into original content
nflx the option strategy that made 300 % on earnings .
can anyone compete with amazon ? target warning shows how tough it is for `` old '' retail . tgt now down 6 % ytd . amzn up 8 % .
rt @wrigleytom : adbe 108.90 nice reaction to repo announcement see if can spend time & gt ; 109 if so , chart has room some levels to eye
alibaba has 25 % upside , hsbc says before earnings baba bidu tcehy china shopping jackma trump @barronsonline
netflix takes breather with earnings after close . nflx down today but up 7 % ytd . would be fun if new nflx star seinfeld was on call . heh .
speculative trade here twtr peeps !
facebook won t pay publishers for live videos anymore fb
rt @wsjbusiness : mattel names google executive margaret georgiadis as ceo , succeeding sinclair mat googl @pziobro @joannlublin
pre earnings straddles : nflx , axp , ibm , & amp ; ge . tgt issues q4 guidance calls active @angiemiles
great piece on the culture change at aapl by @msabalakrishnan
orphan drugs among 2015 's top 10 best-selling medications abbv amgn biib sny pfe celg teva
btw ... nflx earnings today -- here 's the option strategy that has been the largest winner
nflx earnings does the stock move more or less than options reflect which is +/- 13 in one direction ?
my main takeaway for dimon interview that he felt market knows policy will take time and thus implied not overvalued . gs ceo blankfein next
expiration influences typically happen the days *preceding* the actual expiry . spx ndx
nflx will hold this through tonight
citigroup 's quarterly profit gets boost from trading c
rt @bespokeinvest : today would be 67 trading days without a 1 % decline for the s & amp ; p. longest streak of bull market is 66 : spy 
rt @jeffmacke : tgt guides lower 2mo 2 days after guiding higher . ecommerce still & lt ; 5 % total biz . did they think amzn was going away ? ( earn
mother nature saw same-store sales at mcdonald 's down by 1.2 % in the fourth quarter : mcd
with a bit over 3 hours to trade the at-the-money straddle in nflx trades 12.65 , pricing in a 9.6 % move thru fri
. @jimcramer discusses strategies for selling bank stocks like goldman sachs and bank of america :
updated with the correct spending figures : microsoft loves montreal so much its doubling its ai team there msft
fast - digging thru growth prospects -
rt @mktsinsider : apple climbs to its best level in over a year aapl
apple climbs to its best level in over a year aapl
goldman sachs december-quarter earnings improve year over year , the stock is mostly unchanged . gs
yuan some gold ? wildcard wednesday . discussed : lgf , foxa , dis , nflx , amzn , cp , fast , usb , gs investools
rt @gigabarb : updated with the correct spending figures : microsoft loves montreal so much its doubling its ai team there msft
rt @jonnajarian : with a bit over 3 hours to trade the at-the-money straddle in nflx trades 12.65 , pricing in a 9.6 % move thru friday @td
ibm 's fourth quarter could show a continued turnaround . what etfs to buy if you think it will :
today is one of the days where u do n't need to do much . recent strong stocks are trying to flag & amp ; prove they can hold higher . same for spx
why jerry seinfeld deal is a crucial win for netflix @readdanwrite nflx
why jerry seinfeld deal is a crucial win for netflix @readdanwrite @yahoofinance nflx
cramer -- goldman sachs & amp ; citigroup have so much capital that multiple rate hikes could really help them : gs c
nice piece by @readdanwrite on big nflx win with seinfeld . @yahoofinance
rt @wilfredfrost : my main takeaway for dimon interview that he felt market knows policy will take time and thus implied not overvalued . gs
so google 's acquisition of fabric from twitter does not include gnip or mopub , just the core platform including crashlytics . twtr
great profile on @nyustern dean : gs has 921 @nyuniversity alumni , including alison mass
how to use facebook and fakenews to get people to murder each other - buzzfeed news fb southsudan
exxon is the latest oil company to pour billions into the permian basin . xom
twitter just sold its developer platform to google goog twtr googl
facebook plans to invest more than 3 billion in vr over the next decade | techcrunch fb oculus
rt @rickjnewman : nice piece by @readdanwrite on big nflx win with seinfeld . @yahoofinance
netflix user growth analysis lends positive expectations for wednesday earnings report amzn nflx
fed 's beige book showed economy continued to expand at 'modest ' pace across most regions spy fed
nvidia 's machine learning business seems very strong nvda aapl amzn goog msft
yellen says dec. rate increase reflects confidence economy will keep improving , expect to raise rates a 'few times a year ' through 2019 spy
all the retailers that could feel the effects of the gop 's tax efforts bby cost hd wmt
ceo on netflix -- 'this is going to be one of the great companies of our time '
spx 11:52 lasts for at least 3 minutes . stocks unchanged .
western digital eyes stake in toshiba 's memory-chip business : wdc stx
rt @timothysykes : why is my 11-hour trading checklist 100 % free ? watch it asap while it 's 100 % free fb twtr
why is my 11-hour trading checklist 100 % free ? watch it asap while it 's 100 % free fb twtr
qqq holding at ath , 122/120.80/120/119 support lower
nflx very nice international metrics
netflix year-over-year revenue growth : 36 % , highest level in 5 years . nflx
5 stocks to watch that report earnings tomorrow ibm swks axp chkp unp
regarding free cash flow , nflx expects it to be - 2b in 2017 compared with - 1.7b in 2016 @ericjhonsa live blog :
netflix surges after reporting huge beat on subscribers nflx
rt @jakemalewis : nflx will continue to be `` a regular issuer of debt '' to finance investments in original content ; balance cash needs
nflx up as expected
looking at a chart of netflix right now like ... nflx
rt @jimcramer : happening now ! @thestreet 's live coverage of nflx earnings
super interesting nflx comments on net neutrality here (
rt @corytv : breaking : netflix big subscriber adds fueled by biggest ever , massive 285m marketing spend . nflx
netflix has made fresh highs following its report . now up over 16 % on the year @ericjhonsa nflx
netflix stock nflx gained 8.2 % in 2016. currently up 8.1 % just in after hours trading today .
netflix hits record as subscribers surge nflx
rt @jowens510 : netflix in 2016 : revenue up 30 % profit up 50 % subscribers up 25 % nflx up 8.2 % , tho its up more than that right now .
netflix in 2016 : revenue up 30 % profit up 50 % subscribers up 25 % nflx up 8.2 % , tho its up more than that right now .
no chill : netflix adds 7 million subscribers in stellar q4 nflx
netflix 4q sales jumped 36 % ; time warner ( hbo ) sales expected to rise 9 % . netflix live blog : nflx
rt @annierpalmer : netflix nflx smashed street estimates on int'l/u.s . subscriber growth for the fourth quarter : vi
netflix posts its biggest-ever quarterly subscriber growth , stock surges 8 % nflx
breaking : netflix big subscriber adds fueled by biggest ever , massive 285m marketing spend . nflx
nailed the nflx earnings options trade yesterday w/ @thechartress on @bloombergtv below :
at 144/share , netflix is worth almost 63 billion . that 's equal to : 1 tesla 1 twitter 2 yelps and 4 etsys nflx :
rt @mikesnider : describing q 2016 as `` huge , '' @netflix ceo @reedhastings `` but the big picture is remarkably steady . ... `` nflx
during q4 @netflix had `` pretty powerful releases '' like luke cage & amp ; narcos that `` really travel well around the world . '' tedsarandos nflx
what mother-daughter duo is loved overseas ? @netflix says gilmore girls was popular with international audiences nflx
another if you had : - orange is the new black - sense8 - master of none - kimmy schmidt ( nflx earnings call bingo )
nflx beats earnings again today . clip from cnbc last year . love this company . netflix entertainment
describing q 2016 as `` huge , '' @netflix ceo @reedhastings `` but the big picture is remarkably steady . ... `` nflx
i may be cray but ca n't shake sense that the 2016 stock market field position is the mirror image of the 2008 field position . spx ndx
rt @mikesnider : netflix shares hit record after subscriber surge via @usatoday @netflix nflx
netflix shares hit record after subscriber surge via @usatoday @netflix nflx
netflix crushes earnings , stock soars after-hours . a look at how nflx and the other fang stocks have done so far
rt @richbtig : eight questions for @netflix s q4 2016 earnings interview ; raising estimates and target to 170 nflx
rt @jimcramer : will tomorrow be fang 's day ? nflx sure would indicate it to be the case . more tonight ! @madmoneyoncnbc
lumpiness ! nflx earnings call bingo
netflix thinks hbo will soon start acting like netflix @mylesudland nflx
netflix : revenue up 30 % profit up 50 % subscribers up 25 % nflx up 8 %
rt @wallstcynic : nflx added 2.9 billion in capital in 2016 , to increase ebit 74 million . revs grew 30 % , capital employed grew 66 % .
rt @randyafrederick : rising vix with a rising spx probably indicates growing uncertainty ahead of friday 's inauguration .
googl that thing no one covered about google -- yeah , it does matter my take via @yahoofinance @cnnmoney
@trading_4_fun wmt lulu amzn dks . and sbux
rt @jonsteinberg : from yesterday @richbtig nailed nflx
netflix surges late ; steel , chips rally as indexes close mixed : nflx stld mchp
what will short sellers make of the new mattel ceo ? goog mat
. @cnbcnow and there it is ladies and gents . flow tells it all . csx @wallstjesus
will the new big macs bring back customers to mcd ? @guyadami takes them to the test .
today 's free video recap and look ahead spx spy iwm nflx baba aapl googl qqq
csx climbs nearly 11 % in post-market after dj reports that outgoing cp ceo & amp ; activist investor plan to target csx
rt @waltbtig : since cook has taken over , r & amp ; d has more than quadrupled and risen to 4.7 % of rev from 2.2 % . aapl
bank of america is the big bank with the most to gain from interest rate hikes . bac
rt @robcheney : i recommended plan for the worst + diversify at twtr ipo , down 63 % . nice article @skinnerliz . financialplanning
rt @chartlabpro : congrats on those who went long at the upgrade from hold to strong buy in nflx , stock is not close to overbought .
netflix conquered the u.s. , but international expansion just led to its biggest quarter ever .
trump : apple 's ceo has 'his eyes open ' to manufacturing in us aapl
rt @hedgeyehwp : i have been a @whole30 convert since sept and love the way i feel ! thanks @melissahartwig_ this tie up with sbux has big p
i still like nvda -- but you are playing with a lot of money in it now . take some off the table and let the rest run
here are 7 great lessons that the stock market has taught me over the years memorize them fb twtr
rt @jwan584 : this nflx thing seems to have legs . hastings and team closing in on 100m subscribers .
rt @stocktwits : at 144/share , netflix is worth almost 63 billion . that 's equal to : 1 tesla 1 twitter 2 yelps and 4 etsys nflx :
mcdonalds offering 2 new bigmac but is it enough to keep customers coming back ? mcd
rt @timothysykes : the best penny stock brokers and my 2017 plan for you it 's going to be a profitable year fb tw
rt @timothysykes : these are the best stock market strategies , techniques , & amp ; tips study up fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : here are 7 great lessons that the stock market has taught me over the years memorize them fb tw
if you are a fan of netflix and nflx do yourself a favor and read their letter and listen to their call . they are so smart ! ! !
alibaba has 25 % upside , hsbc says @defotis baba
rt @timothysykes : the 17 best lessons to remember in 2017 study up fb twtr peeps , this year can be great if you'r
india gets closer to apple pact @defotis aapl makeinindia
morgan stanley predicts ev battery price war . tsla gigafactory ?
the 17 best lessons to remember in 2017 study up fb twtr peeps , this year can be great if you 're prepared enough !
netflix has no plans to show live sports nflx
dad why do n't you own tsla like we do ? - sigh
a government takeover of gild could appeal to trump 's business inclinations : by
netflix 's wild popularity causes stock to surge nflx
fun read : the most coveted ball in golf is from costco @briancostawsj cost
jonas upgrade takes tsla to 248 in pre-mkt , highest since last april
i always remind myself that opportunities are made up easier than losses . these too : spx ndx
live : netflix is surging after reporting huge subscriber numbers nflx
option dealers are good . that 145- 146 is exactly where it stalled so far nflx
icymi : oracle and google refine their cloud pitches to take on amazon orcl goog
apple in india : 15-year import tax break ? aapl samsun xiaomi emergingmarket iphone @barronsasia @barronsonline
rt @edensclipps : @markyusko baba is doing things the right way , as it should . positive sentiment huge momentum swing for jack ma well done
rt @yahoofinance : alibaba announces olympic deal going through 2028 baba
here are three hot apps you may never have heard of msft goog slack zoom csco
alibaba ups its game : olympic sponsorship @defotis baba fxi
rt @tradingnation : apple stock is up 20 percent in the last six months . is a whole new rally in store ? aapl
rt @tradingnation : a new big-time rally in store for apple ? aapl
`` 40 % of advertisers are planning on conducting independent audits of facebook ... [ ] '' fb
@bitcoinpaul i have n't seen the qtr yet . i still think the gigafactory and model3 are game changers . we 'll see about solar . tsla
great infographic on the stock market basics study closely fb twtr
rt @marketwatch : the spx energy sector returned 39 % in the past 12 months . these oil stocks are expected to rise up to 41 % in 2017 :
the spx energy sector returned 39 % in the past 12 months . these oil stocks are expected to rise up to 41 % in 2017 :
this china fund is bullish on tech , hospitality stocks hsi baba bidu
the top 5 lessons from my millionaire students priceless wisdom here fb twtr
the surprising reason tesla could jump 25 % tsla
rt @timothysykes : here 's how to trade with a small account this is a must read fb twtr peeps
8 metrics show how netflix just crushed it nflx
will 2017 be intel 's best year yet ? intc
5 products acquired by facebook fb that immensely shaped social media as we know it today
wedbush 's nick setyan : checks indicate 4 % u.s. fq1 same-store sales growth ; reiterates outperform and 65 price target for @starbucks sbux
here 's every inauguration since 1953 and how the stock market performed after : spy vix
the world 's largest asset manager is loading up on apple aapl
costco has become a major driver of citi 's business c cost
netflix is a master of marketing . nflx up more than 1 % today & amp ; near all-time high . but we have to wait until may f
aapl is ready to make iphones in india.concessions being sought:15yr tax holiday on imports of components/equipment
channel checks indicate starbucks saw 4 % comps growth in u.s. during q1 sbux
took hal 3 for free
inaugurationday : trump speech in focus as new president prepares to take office aapl ge ibm mcd pg spy vxx
skyworks could fly higher than apple swks aapl via @investopedia
a 'giant sigh of relief ' from automakers as us clears tesla : via @technology tsla
. @jimcramer says mcdonald 's could combat the strong dollar with loyalty programs : mcd
most of my students have small accounts , read this and see how to trade with a small vs. big account fb twtr
nflx up again today , following its post-earnings gains .
spy still in a range and hanging on ytd vwap
can ibm 's cloud growth outpace declines in its core business ? ibm
ibm stock up modestly after the company posts better-than-expected earnings and issues positive 2017 view . ibm
rt @brett_hershman : look for adidas and puma to continue its run in 2017 according to @npdmattpowell addyy pum nke ua uaa
rt @ibd_elow : mattel 's aristotle connects wired child , smart home @ibdinvestors mat amzn googl nvda
spy beating the market by trading options in spy
rt @options : smallest % move in nflx history post-earnings this week . amazing ! - @russellrhoads
investment firm @blackrock increases stake in aapl stock , now owns 6.1 % of shares
. @facebook is streaming a celeb-filled , jerry lewis-style inauguration day telethon right now .
the 2017 forecast on financials : a conversation with community bank analyst chris marinac bbt jpm xlf
i agree . most people i know ha e alex and love it amzn . we do !
amazon could win big battle with alphabet if google home sputters - amzn aapl
one reason for airpods popularity , @mcwm says , is that it s a mid-range apple product that costs less than other w
rt @thestreet : . @jimcramer says mcdonald 's could combat the strong dollar with loyalty programs : mcd
here 's a list of 14 stocks that are already up more than 10 % since the start of 2017 : ilmn csx tsla nflx
vxx perhaps the single most consistent trade in the history of financial markets
amazon could win big battle with alphabet if google home sputters : amzn googl aapl msft
stocks poised to benefit from trump admin 's day 1 focus issues chk cnx dgly
is there a massive conflict with google advertising its own products on google searches ? goog googl
google sold 1m pixel phones last quarter : bloomberg via @investopedia - googl
we spoke with @linkedin vp of product russ glass about its partnership with @datasift and its redesign on desktop .
dow industrials lead as merck , ibm , procter & amp ; gamble rally on news mrk ibm pg bmy nvda
shares of nflx may shoot higher ; 'stranger things ' have happened
as power changes hands in america , bank of america is going big on davos with a live journal .
17 must-watch metrics in the new trump era spx spy
@brianfires keep buying vrx . and enjoy a few more of these .
apple : suit against qualcomm could help profit margin , says rbc - aapl ( long )
nice charting / insights - `` weekly stock market outlook : ... a look ahead '' via @williedelwiche spy iyt xli vix
nvda looks to grow gaming market with cloud services
nvda options earnings trading and a 550 % winning strategy
aapl services my take via @yahoofinance @cnnmoney
@kennyfoley3 look at bac and wfc short puts ex earnings or jpm short put spreads ex earnings
one swing position : icon & amp ; one position trade : pypl - the rest in cash awaiting a trend to develop . patience = profitable trading .
true-i said stay away when it came public and buy it in the low twenties and teens . thanks for remembering ! fb !
spx slide . one of my favorites as i present in florida spy
amazon prime subscribers tend to spend 3-4 times more than other amazon customers . amzn
65 % beat on eps , 54 % topped sales ests . spy
63 companies in the s & amp ; p 500 have so far reported q4 earnings . here 's how they 're doing as a group : spy xlf
5 serious business books you need to read it 's fundamental fb twtr
15 facts you did n't know about warren buffet pretty cool stuff here fb twtr
musk billionairism finally paying off - tsla mars missions could accelerate under trump administration
vxx the incredible option trade that has worked for 10 straight years be . powerful .
5 lessons for every company that does business on the internet it 's good to be real and honest fb twtr
netflix earnings : 5 things to watch ( nflx )
.. @mjmegladon @evranic @peekslive @hamzahkingkhan if the acceleration of revenue continues and gets bolstered as anti
rt @seeitmarket : global market trends : 5 key charts for investors - blog by @callum_thomas spy stoxx gbpusd j
big mac is impt to the world right now according to fb 's neutered algo . fb truly is the mall , twtr is the streets . explains valuation diff
rt @stockstotrade : twtr is a great tool for any trader to use for stockmarket insight , just make sure to be a leader , not a follower . tr
how to test , test , test & amp ; scale in and out stocks got ta test and refine for success fb twtr
alphabet , microsoft , boeing , starbucks lead investing action plan googl ba msft sbux
3 earnings recaps you need to see this week gs : ibm : nflx :
trend still supports bulls as does next weeks open interest spy spx iwm qqq - new post
5 ways to make millions in the stock market & amp ; be successful it 's real , just a lot of work too fb twtr
q & amp ; a with hedge fund industry expert don steinbrugge : rituals , role models ... dia msft qqq
rt @timothysykes : the 7 biggest lies you 've been told about penny stock trading i got ta cut through the bs fb twtr
even though airpods are backordered for 6 weeks , apple wants you to know how cool they are . aapl
rt @timothysykes : 5 ways to make millions in the stock market & amp ; be successful it 's real , just a lot of work too fb
3 ways to use stats/data to make better trades surprise , we 're in a data industry so utilize it fb twtr
netflix is spending tons on content , and the subscribers keep rolling in . nflx
10 keys to becoming a successful trader it 's a marathon not a sprint fb twtr
rt @ianrosen : trump and spicer have handed twtr the most amazing gift a company could ever get : guaranteed global must-have import . moneti
rt @timothysykes : do you know the 2 most important stock trading rules ? watch and learn them fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : 10 keys to becoming a successful trader it 's a marathon not a sprint fb twtr
read this and then go to sleep dream about being next , realize it 's possible if you 're dedicated fb twtr
tesla releases new up-close drone footage of gigafactory 1 in nevada via @fredericlambert - tsla
amazon , facebook , adobe : 3 top tech stocks near buys amzn fb adbe googl
rt @timothysykes : my free gift to you 2 students whose stories are great to learn from fb twtr
rt @kantar : this week , one third of all advertising dollars , or 43 million , for new creatives was allocated towards nflplayoffs vz aapl
my free gift to you 2 students whose stories are great to learn from fb twtr
mcd reports before the open tomorrow , estimize consensus +0.04 eps and +58.57m revs compared to ws
fresh squeezed over the pacific -- - 'attention and utility the road to 1 trillion ' baba aapl
rt @seeitmarket : new post - `` gold trading update : measuring the pause/pullback '' by @markarbeter gld gdx
rt @bradloncar : healthcare earnings are back . m : rmd t : jnj w : abt nvs vrtx t : biib bmy celg f : abbv the full calendar :
the foundation of penny stock education in 2017 some basics for you to start off the year right fb twtr
healthcare earnings are back . m : rmd t : jnj w : abt nvs vrtx t : biib bmy celg f : abbv the full calendar :
11 steps to becoming a millionaire you deserve this life of freedom if you can work hard enough fb twtr
what to expect from intel 's q4 this week amd intc
foxconn mulls 7 billion u.s. factory with apple aapl
rt @factset : 61 % of spx companies have beat eps estimates for q4 to date , below the 5-year average ( 67 % ) .
61 % of spx companies have beat eps estimates for q4 to date , below the 5-year average ( 67 % ) .
rt @financialreview : foxconn weighs 9.3 billion us factory with @apple , nikkei says . apple tech aapl
foxconn weighs 9.3 billion us factory with @apple , nikkei says . apple tech aapl
loop capital : days of the 'rail renaissance ' feel like distant memory cni cp csx
to change or not to change : altaba coming for yahoo ? baba vz yhoo
vix vxx the incredible option trade that has worked for 10 straight years
5 great lessons i learned the hard way thanks to everyone helping me learn too fb twtr
credit suisse : boycotts of us brands could hit nke , gm , tif . for china- lenovo , zte . upside : domestic competitors
vxx vix the inconceivable reality of vix contango and how it is a 10-year winning options strategy
get ready alphabet ( google ) , microsoft , at & amp ; t , chevron and ford all report earnings this week :
rt @factset : the earnings growth rate for spx for q4 is 3.4 % , above the expectation of 3.0 % on december 31 .
the earnings growth rate for spx for q4 is 3.4 % , above the expectation of 3.0 % on december 31 .
good old amazon . i feel like i could go a lot of ways with this one ... amzn
20 key tips from multi-millionaire & amp ; billionaire entrepreneurs this is some bigtime inspiration fb twtr
will trump be great for gold ? gld @realdonaldtrump
digital ad growth , youtube will lift alphabet 20 % @jackhough googl fb aapl amzn msft
macau rising : cotai hotels fully booked for chinese new year via @barronsasia lvs mgm wynn mpel
minimum wage hikes will help amazon kill millions of traditional sales jobs sooner than later : amzn
. @masterofcharts good mass merchant have margins ~5-10 % . amzn rev growing & gt ; 20 % . screw eps . give bezos the ball and get out the way .
taiwan , apple s manufacturing backyard , rallies the most as trump pledges america first via @barronsasia aapl
@stumcmullin building a lead . a really , really big lead . but others can at least compete with amzn . tgt , wmt & amp ; cost are n't this bad .
amzn prime same day , on a sunday thru sideways rain . they are playing a whole different game than anyone else .
rt @lamonicabuzz : is music the answer for sprint ? instead of , i do n't know . t-mobile ? spring buying 33 % of tidal . interesting . s tmus aa
rt @lamonicabuzz : mcdonald 's beat on earnings and revenue . mcd up slightly premarket . but same store sales in u.s. are down from a year a
mcd mcdonald 's q416 results beat estimates : revenue : 6.03 bn ( estimate : 5.98 ) -adj eps : 1.44 ( est 1.41 )
mcdonald 's beat on earnings and revenue . mcd up slightly premarket . but same store sales in u.s. are down from a year ago .
rt @bysamro : mcdonald 's sales beat expectations mcd
earnings : mcdonald 's q4 eps 1.44 vs. 1.41 est . ; q4 revs . 6.029b vs. 5.993b est . mcd
a peek into the markets : stock futures edge lower ahead of mcdonald 's , yahoo earnings spy uso hal mcd yhoo
breaking : mcdonald 's mcd q4 revenue , 6.03b vs. 5.99b expected
breaking : mcdonald 's mcd q4 earnings per share ( eps ) , 1.44 vs. 1.41 expected
mcdonald 's reports q4 eps 1.44 vs. est . 1.41 , rev . 6.03b vs. est . 5.99b ; q4 global comps up 2.7 % mcd
morning watchlist spy airg cf exel jnug
mcdonald 's just had its best year of sales growth since 2011 @bysamro mcd
mcd q4 highlights include , global comparable sales increased 2.7 % and diluted earnings per share of 1.44 increased 10 % .
earnings preview : yahoo ! q4 2016 yhoo
hal : '' trade idea 3 : buy jan 27 expiry/feb 57.5 call calendar and sell feb 3 expiry 55 put for free . '' watch 55 , btc 57.5 in jan & lt ; 5c
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet aapl rl
rt @nypostbiz : exclusive - jeff bezos wheeling and dealing his way into auto parts amzn via @nypost via @jamescov
exclusive - jeff bezos wheeling and dealing his way into auto parts amzn via @nypost via @jamescovert1
earnings week : 105 spx cos. ; nice sector blend led by 25 industrials ; mon mcd tue txn wed t thu googl msft
starting the week talking trump nafta obamacare mcdonalds earnings & amp ; its national croissant day mcd
rt @yahoofinance : mcdonald 's just had its best year of sales growth since 2011 @bysamro mcd
with the gigafactory online and the model3 going into full production within a year . this is a transformative year for tesla . tsla
tesla is having a great start to the year . with demand for battery storage increasing and us manufacturing means they have an edge . tsla
tesla motors stock has already jumped by 14.5 % in 2017. can the stock drive higher ? tsla
mcd : '' trade idea 3 : buy jan 27 expiry/feb 125 call calendar & amp ; sell jan 27 expiry 119 put for 10 cent credit . '' watch 119 , else nothing to do
mcdonald 's q4 beat another step in the early stages of a turnaround mcd
mcdonald s stock slips following fourth-quarter earnings release . mcd
i will keep the baba calls and trim some of the stock i 'm in .
tsla was exciting here . to get involved . now around 250 , u trim and trail . lots of great set ups along the way
qcom really wanted to scale into this trade , nailed base each time before .50-.80 rebound only to watch that diminish w/ patience
listen : @marriott 's stephanie linnartz explains how she manages to oversee mar 's revenue , marketing , it and more :
that feeling when you hear someone tell you amazon ca n't sustain its business because it pays too much for shipping
rt @cheddar : according to @nealcoolong , @antoniobrown gives fb a test market for perhaps pursuing similar fb live player deals for sb51 .
forget about the past year . alphabet 's best days still ahead googl goog
more than 2.8 million people visited macau in december , with overnight visitations increasing 16.5 %
mcdonald 's expects to complete refranchising of 3,500 rest by mid-2017 . goal is 4,000 by 2018 . mcd
snapchat parent plans to pay banks 2.5 % of ipo proceeds via @wsj fb baba twtr
what you need to know this week - tax filing season begins - msft , googl , baba earnings - qcom vs. aapl
mcdonald 's comparable sales fall less than expected mcd
vxx vix the option strategy that has worked for 10 straight years
looking at global equity performance over the past 12 months . spx ( candle ) , nky ( purple ) , dax ( blue ) , ukx ( green )
this chart shows how hard it is for s & amp ; p 500 companies to consistently grow revenue 10 % or more : spy swks fb crm
bmo sees 24 % upside in csx shares , upgrades to outperform csx
3 actionable ways for you to become a millionaire it 's not easy but it 's worth it fb twtr
apple 's iphone 8 launch likely to hurt ... shoe retailers ? aapl dks fl shoo uaa lulu
at least baba gave a small trade b4 the report so u can book gains in the stock but keep the calls . i sold stock & amp ;
googl did clear 835 pivot & amp ; flirts with ath 840 . i did buy calls for thursday earnings . a close above 840 could produce some gains prior
stocks i 'm watching now ! hmny watt wcom ocul hum mcd ino aet uaa pi mmm nk pot soil vz soil vz moo gbbl fitb s
baba reports before the open tomorrow , estimize consensus +0.03 eps and +46.14m revs compared to ws
rt @richardbeales1 : how yhoo might deliver investors a final nice surprise ( thanks to trump and gop )
las vegas sands propelled its annual revenue from 2.2 billion 10 years ago to more than 11 billion in 2015 :
mentioned this morning spx breadth was impressive given the crimson tide . winners just edged sinners from the inside out . pure eyes .
top stock of the day : csx corporation . it is up nearly 3 % today and nearly 27 % in 2017 .
analysts , on average , expect alibaba to report revenue of 7.32 billion on earnings of 1.13 per share :
todd gordon is bullish on netflix and nvidia nflx nvda
alphabet stock to pass 1000 by end of 2017 googl goog
wal-mart looking to drive innovation with new car sales program , carsaver partnership ally an cost wmt true
googl is trading at an all-time high
added ibm feb 170 calls 2.61
@ct1733 check video . ibm was a colossal loser , then optimized , it 's a huge winner . not abut stock direction .
csx what a monster trend
macau reported a 7 % year over year increase in december visits . @tonythestreet weighs in on fillorkill :
microsoft : from bing to the cloud , making all the right moves msft amzn fb hp yhoo
yahoo ! inc up 0.8 % a/h yhoo update on verizon - said deal should close in q2 rather than q1 ausbiz
rt @marketfoolery : big oil gears up for a big year , mcdonald 's needs another breakfast , and samsung 's apology tour begins ! hal mcd
rt @andrewhorowitz : yhoo - this is a bit of a stretch - `` shot up 1 % '' .. then a.2 % move would then be `` rocketed '' and 5 % would be ? ? ? ?
. @lhhalstead it looks like i have tiny um ... blow driers ... ... jammed in my ears but airpods are the best headpho
bezos is killing it , adapting to the new political environment w/out getting all caught up in the vague distaste of politics.. amzn study
we like the u.s. dollar and the industrials sector . uup xli
5 trends that venture capitalists will have their eye on in 2017 amzn fb goog
echo smart speaker have risen significantly in the past six months , from 950 last may to over 8,000 today . amzn
previous record quarter was 27.47 in q3 '14 . still early but q4 '16 projected to beat this by a wide margin , earni
apple and other big stocks with nice charts aapl
will gold shine on ? gld gdx slv
s & amp ; p 500 earnings likely hit a new record in q4 . recovery in crude oil & amp ; energy earnings an important factor . spx
google all-time highs ... . 570 billion and counting via @howardlindzon goog
shoot , man , you must be short a lot of aapl ! good luck..maybe it will work for you ...
alibaba reports earnings this tuesday morning . its stock is up about 9 % since jack ma met with trump . chart : baba
gs economist yu song on china monetary policy , reforms and economic outlook cc @business
google hit a new all-time high today . returns since its ipo in 2004 ... googl : +1582 % spy : +161 % yhoo : +40 %
will american express raise its dividend in 2017 ? axp
dailybriefing add these stocks to your to-buy list : hum lmca qcom . finance fintech
rt @lizrhoffman : morgan stanley continues to do more with less on the trading front . headcount down , risk down , revenues up 35 % . ms
sbux it will take time , but here comes the growth . my take from dec '16 via @yahoofinance @cnnmoney
baba up more than 4 % premarket on solid s. booming cloud revenue . jack ma seems friendly-ish with president trump . bad news for amzn ?
watch these 7 huge put purchases in tuesday trade baba ca infn rad sbux pfe tmus
zhang : new retail will result in new value creation from the integration of traditional retail with mobile internet innovation baba
zhang : we coined the term new retail to describe a world where the distinction between online and offline commerce becomes obsolete baba
zhang : during the 11.11 global shopping festival , & gt ; 47 mm consumers on our platform bought goods from nearly 15k international brands baba
rt @wallstjesus : bull sweeper detected in big blue ibm ..
zhang : demand for high-quality imported products by chinese consumers has accelerated with evolution in consumer taste and lifestyle baba
tsai : we are increasing revenue guidance for full fiscal year . accelerating our growth on an even bigger base . baba
tsai : with 54 % year-on-year revenue growth and 4.9 billion us dollars in free cash flow , our numbers speak for themselves baba
yahoo ! inc earnings boost odds of verizon communications inc deal yhoo
chipmaker avgo is a great tech buy
samsung earnings : our tmt team publishes implications for mu asml aapl qcom tsmc wdc syna oled
key is that if bp can achieve such meaningful savings , wait to see what xom will do . big oil emerging fitter and leaner from downturn
mcdonald 's refranchising , expense reduction efforts will continue to create value for investors mcd
the good news about yahoo is that there actually is some good news : @shiraovide via @bfly
yelp is at a key inflection point ; charts to trade a breakout or a breakdown yelp
rt @lamonicabuzz : baba up more than 4 % premarket on solid s. booming cloud revenue . jack ma seems friendly-ish with president trump . bad
rt @jboorstin : amazon is the first streaming service to win a best picture nomination , with manchesterbythesea amzn oscarnoms
amazon is the first streaming service to win a best picture nomination , with manchesterbythesea amzn oscarnoms
facebook , amazon are just below buy points after completing proper handles fb amzn aapl
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet . yhoo baba
stock futures hold tight gains ; freeport , yahoo , corning advance fcx yhoo glw baba bhp
rt @fpinvesting : yahoo ! inc earnings boost odds of verizon communications inc deal yhoo
amzn bezos ' commitment to expanding cust services is n't new . it 's just expensive . took over retail while others tw
with yahoo ! shares rising in pre-market trading , here 's what you must know before the opening bell :
sorta , kinda big juncture for the spx . i still think we retest spx 1580 *at a point* but thru here opens door to
the iphone 8 wo n't help apple aapl
rt @thedomino : among today 's 52-wk highs in s & amp ; p 500 ? anthem antm united rentals uri ibm skyworks swks texas instruments txn freeport m
among today 's 52-wk highs in s & amp ; p 500 ? anthem antm united rentals uri ibm skyworks swks texas instruments txn freeport mcmoran fcx etc .
ios android googl aapl msft
stocks rise as alibaba pops ; eagle breaks out , lockheed dives baba exp lmt vz yhoo
baba went from 90 ( when it cleared its descending channel ) . it hit 103.19 . now it needs time to set up again
microsoft levels to watch after earnings mcd via @investopedia
the gold miners have recovered all of their post-election losses . gdx
helpful : new amzn alexa app claims to track your missing phone to the ends of the earth trackr
mcdonald s could finally catch up to burger king and wendy s with its newest test mcd
most banks now floating up , big moves from the am are in . let 's see if they support and run it again in afternoon .
rt @timothysykes : my newest blog post will help you this week learning how to profit in these political times fb 
pypl sold . it 's been rejected near this level previously and earnings are around the corner . all out .
@tierrapartners that does n't mean anything . they need to sell ads . that 's what they do . twtr
here are the companies reporting earnings at 4 pm et today aa stx isrg txn cof dfs navi list :
buy starbucks shares aggressively on any short-term pullbacks sbux
i am having a great money conversation with @tombrammar on facetime and should be able to livestream publicly ... shame on aapl
@9hhsc i i own fcx and clf . might tell you something .
snapchat is getting ahead of other social platforms in at least one way fb twtr @snapchat
rt @motleyfooltech : `` we had a pretty powerful release in q4 ... '' no kidding nflx
global dominance continues amzn
the s & amp ; p 500 is on course to do something it hasn t in 52 years . spx
@veedub78 right ; twtr still squeezing 100 lbs of shit thru a ten-pound horse but there *is* good insight if u find trusted sources .
nice step by step comparison w/ slow/fast moving averages . spy
amazon is expanding into the auto parts market amzn
. @ford plucks new brand chief from aapl via @automotive_news
`` manchester by the sea '' is @amazon 's 1st oscarnoms . @vanityfair 's @kateyrich weighed in on the prestige this gives
microsoft brought another linkedin exec onto its leadership team . the latest - eng exec kevin scott as new msft ct
what 's on the menu for mcdonald 's march investor meeting ? mcd
congrats @kevin_scott on becoming msft cto !
fdx correction is over . done . kaput .
here comes 10,000 bottles of mcdonald 's big mac sauce onto the market ... mcd
rt @kchaykowski : microsoft brought another linkedin exec onto its leadership team . the latest - eng exec kevin scott as new msft cto
ex-goldman sachs programmer sergey aleynikov had conviction reinstated on appeal today gs via @markets
mcdonald 's will give away 10,000 bottles of big mac special sauce for the release of its grand mac & amp ; mac jr :
rt @anorajourno : spx , comp trading above record closing levels . dow20k is close to reality djia
spx , comp trading above record closing levels . dow20k is close to reality djia
20 biggest mid-day gainers for tuesday ati gnvc mpsx hzo clrb nak tis rmd gpro dhi yhoo baba slgn plow
here 's how to manage proper risk/reward watch this and learn fb twtr
rt @lamonicabuzz : trumped up ? market rallying again . all-time highs for several big companies . csx rai adbe googl avgo chtr de race
trumped up ? market rallying again . all-time highs for several big companies . csx rai adbe googl avgo chtr de race dvmt
that 's a whole lot of echos amzn
i did leave for my mid-day workout . still in spy amzn twlo nflx jpm . & amp ; all options . it 's nice when things work
alibaba 's singles ' day strength : how has chinese cyber monday grown over the years ? baba
despite cards & amp ; venmo , americans wrote 17.3 bil checks in 2015. not sure this spokesman can claim any credit .
qqq to all time high but just 47 % adv so far .
apple q1 earnings preview : still poised to ripen aapl
facebook data points to a promising future for m-commerce fb
@probesreporter @amacker also , sec nominee 's law firm helped prepare questionable responses to sec comment letters on behalf of baba
marriott now operates more than 6,000 hotels with nearly 1.2 million rooms in 90 countries and territories :
amazon locker goes to the bank amzn
tesla is planning annual hardware updates tsla
rt @timothysykes : 5 things millionaires do that others do not which will you choose fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : here 's how to manage proper risk/reward watch this and learn fb twtr
you 're buying , they 're selling : big bank execs dump 100 million in stock as market soared : gs jpm
business line between cable and mobile continues to blur lmca s t tmus vz yhoo twx
business insider : apple released its next big thing and nobody noticed aapl
love the strong dollar-impact comparison of the mcd revenue charts . great context .
amazon becomes first streaming company to get oscar best picture nod . amzn
last year spx fell 12 % before starting it 's march higher on february 11. if symmetry holds , spx has twelve sessions to rip 10 % .
bac i 'm going to show you what edge is in option trading . and then you 're going to do it yourself
rt @cheddar : ford 's new chief brand officer , musa tariq , has worked at apple , nike , and burberry . impressive resume . cheddarlive f aapl
ford 's new chief brand officer , musa tariq , has worked at apple , nike , and burberry . impressive resume . cheddarlive f aapl nke brby
rt @ophirgottlieb : googl breaks out to all-time highs see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
googl breaks out to all-time highs see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
a mcdonald 's in boston is launching an atm that spits out free big macs mcd
trying to buy a new laptop is a good reminder of what makes apple so special msft aapl
baird : buy starbucks shares aggressively on any short-term pullbacks sbux
fdx , ibm and kmb show unusual strength
tesla accelerates on upgrade , white house visit - tsla
if you 're not invested in oil , gas and pipelines that is a big mistake . big opportunities here . etp mmp chk eog fcx
nflx now 140.42 . entry was 137.31 . day 1 rdr tactics work with defined risk . take a peak and learn it . still in
goog reports earnings 1/26 amc , @peterlusk talks atm straddle aka expected move & amp ; cites 2 trades
do n't worry about nike and tariffs . nke
so much for that ipo : cisco to buy appdynamics for 3.7b csco via @salvagno
wow - just days before ipo that was aiming for ~ 1.9b valuation , appdynamics gets 3.7b bid from cisco .
this stx q was total blow away.. just amazing.. will propel whole group ...
the first tech ipo of 2017 is cancelled : cisco is buying appdynamics for 3.7 billion csco
thetroublewithjack : baba blows out 3q , but is it diversifying fast enough ? jeffries ' jessieguo , street 10:40a h
tesla quietly brings online its massive 80 mwh powerpack station with southern california edison : tsla
option trading in spy to beat the market
the nasdaq closed at a new all-time high today . so did the s & amp ; p 500. here are the levels they hit : spy qqq
the marvelous world of knowledgeable options trading spy aapl sbux nke
rt @russward_tokyo : goldman sachs working on sale of toshiba chip business , sources say gs via @technology
rt @stocktwits : it just happened . here 's a chart of the dow crossing 20,000 . djia :
rt @cheddar : breaking : the dow breaks 20,000 as trading begins wednesday . djia cheddarlive
since march 29th , 1999 ( the first time dow closed above 10k ) apple has surged 9395.8 % aapl
rt @trfinservices : the dow dji has hit 20k ! gs jpm unh trv dis have been the indices biggest winners since the election eikon
dow jones hits 20,000 ( dow 20k ) for first time ever dji djia dow20k
breaking : the dow breaks 20,000 as trading begins wednesday . djia cheddarlive
it happened . djia
the market in 5 minutes : big earnings and a major ipo acquisition aa aeo ba utx vz luv stx aks csco spy
can ebay gain market share from amazon ? ebay amzn
alibaba 's success leaves room to innovate baba
alibaba 's success leaves room to innovate baba by @biintelligence
. @jimcramer asks @chuckrobbins on @cnbc whether csco customers are as optimistic as equity investors : 'customers are in wait and see mode '
live : dow breaks 20k . will it close above the mark ? cheddarlive golive djia
rt @foxbusiness : dow winners : ba cat jpm ge intc dow20k
dow winners : ba cat jpm ge intc dow20k
nice to see apple and facebook both up 1 one growth one value . fb aapl
record-breaking wednesday - dow 20,000 back in sight ! ndx spx nya fcx dia oil
rt @hsilverb : djia intraday passes 20,000 for first time , first closed above 19k on 11/22/16 , 10k on 3/29/99 , 5k on 11/21/95 , and 1k on 11
csco plans to acquire appdynamics for 3.7 billion
just four stocks responsible for half the gain or nearly 900 dow points since election : gs ba ibm unh dow20k
you 're looking at 228 years of stock market history in america . and where dow 20,000 stands . djia :
stx big earning move.. great breakout . wtching for first dip/flag
rt @businessinsider : the first tech ipo of 2017 is cancelled : cisco is buying appdynamics for 3.7 billion csco
siri is coming to apple watch apps aapl
siri is coming to apple watch apps aapl
siri is coming to apple watch apps aapl by @biintelligence
march to dow20k : bs gs jpm dis axp
why alphabet s waymo could worry traditional automakers - googl
new iphone 8 siri features could vanquish the competition via @yahoofinance - aapl
dow winners : ba cat jpm ge intc
starbucks fan microsoft ceo satya nadella nominated to sbux board .
to @nyse 's @ptuchmannyse and matthew cheslock , dow2k is validation of earnings season and trump 's campaign promise
csco 's 4b purchase of appdynamics ranks as its largest-ever acquisition and top tech m & amp ; a deal ytd17 . spglobaldeals
s & amp ; p 500 all-time highs : googl adbe ma v intu
@jimnivison that 's quite a lunger ... look , insanely good car . but that 's point , if so good success = typical auto margins not fb margins
each 1,000 point milestone becomes easier and easier as the % change necessary goes down . as @allstarcharts would s
trump border wall stocks : nue stld de cat
the stock surge since nov. 22 , when the djia closed above 19,000 for the first time , has been led by financials , in
s & amp ; p 500 all-time highs : googl adbe ma v intu
how i made 36,491 on a monday & amp ; how you could too ahhh i 've missed trading with a big account fb twtr
amzn went hard into shipping when ups and fdx ruined xmas 2013. bezos plays the long game ( 2014 surprises
read @drugchannels ' trenchant analysis of the auvi-q price . he talks to kaleo , does n't take back vrx comparison .
a long term monthly contribution spx plan . can help keep u involved as this is the last 100 years . or a monthly 40
driving the dow : ba cat gs ge
does alibaba 's stellar quarter bode well for other chinese internet stocks ? baba bidu momo sina wb
the art of the deal : cisco nabs appdynamics csco newr
stock movers : boeing jumps on earnings beat ; at & amp ; t , ebay results on tap @seanansmith ba t
local retailers will cheer this news about amzn & amp ; mo sales tax via @lisabrownstl
dow20k options traders watching vix , bulls in aapl , googl wings & amp ; tails , f , sbux , cat @angiemiles
starbucks is expected to report higher first-quarter earnings and revenue year-over-year :
strong bank bid to hold the markets up , while players pick up exposure in biotechs and high fliers . bac
data , oil , & amp ; infrastructure . wildcard wed. discussed : vmc , acm , itri , lpx , aa , stx , ba investools
what 's coming to netflix in february : nflx
microsoft victory in overseas email seizure case is upheld | reuters msft
rt @cnntech : apple wants to start making iphones in india aapl
gs ' sharmin mossavar-rahmani on how history has helped shape her 2017 investing outlook :
and the winners are ... oscarnoms parent media companies amzn cbs cmcsa dis foxa twx viab
as howard schultz prepares to step down as ceo on april 3 , starbucks is adding big names to its board :
rt @philipvandoorn : here are the the 10 cheapest , fastest-growing and most beloved dow stocks gs pfe unh hd nk
the sectors hedge funds are most bullish and bearish on to start 2017 cc cog eca msft swn
@paulcarsten but baba beat forecasts .
parsing the growth prospects of mmm , jnj and yhoo after earnings
how ceva will benefit from the apple/qualcomm litigation ceva aapl intc qcom t
earnings preview : apple q1 2017 aapl
enjoyed being with the us eye care sales team this morning . exciting 2017 ahead ! boldforlife agn
this is good : fact-checking 'the founder ' with ray kroc 's personal attorney via @crainschicago mcd
cisco systems announced its 3.7bn bid for appdynamics today , the largest technology targeted m & amp ; a deal so far in 20
18 biggest mid-day gainers for wednesday acat aeo cdti cveo bobe stx hk logi cree ipi mdp onvo wdc mme
super 8 : apple 's next iphone cycle something to look forward to aapl
intel could break 16-year resistance after earnings intc via @investopedia
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` s & amp ; p 500 breakout targets 2300+ into next week '' by @marknewtoncmt spy qqq xlf
djia finally hits 20k ! check out what got us there ! gs , jpm , ba , cat all leading the rally since
alibaba : 26 % upside to new target , goldman says emergingmarkets china earnings baba @barronsonline
alibaba : 22 % upside to new target , hsbc says emergingmarkets china earnings baba @barronsonline
the djia finally hit 20,000 ! check out how we got there ! gs , jpm , ba , cat leading the way since
twtr aapl cml pro members we just sent out : '' here come earnings : what to watch '' get pro :
rt @kchaykowski : facebook changes trending topics in a push to highlight important , quality news fb
canaccord on intuitive surgical following earnings : 'stay buyers ' isrg
cat reports before the open tomorrow , estimize consensus +0.03 eps and +24.72m revs compared to ws
celg reports before the open tomorrow , estimize consensus +0.03 eps and +26.81m revs compared to ws
from the blue skies to the high seas ; amazon follows up blimp fulfillment centers with ... amzn
rt @canuck2usa : googl so strong
markets that are strong all day -- with 2:1 positive breadth or better -- tend to end that way . spx ndx
dow winners today : ba cat gs ge
. @jimcramer discusses what 's expected from alphabet and starbucks ahead of their earnings reports :
. @kennyfoley3 here you go . spx vix fb aapl option skew : what it is and why it exists
nflx getting deeper into reality tv puts more pressure on cbs , abc , tbs and foxa
cisco 's deal for @appdynamics just validated every overvalued ipo-shy tech startup via @shiraovide for @bfly csco
since djia closed at a 6-wk low 4 days ago , ibm , ba , gs have made up 2/3 of index 's gains and helped dow hit 20k milestone dow20k
back in 2013 @jimcramer and i got hate mail 4 the `` road to spx 1700 , it was 1300- it 's 2017 and now almost 2300
s & amp ; p 500 -- bullish macd cross coming on daily charts ; rsi does n't look overbought yet , either ; mas still below spx
analysts expect qualcomm to report earnings 1.18 per share on 6.12 billion in revenue : qcom
ebay reports after the close . wonder if management will guide up due to enormous demand for dow 20k hats ? just kidding ! i 'm keeping mine !
getting a lot less bullish on snap and more excited about my fb position . fb s cutting off all of snapchat s limb
we spoke with @lightspeedvp 's ravi mhatre , who explained why @cisco 's 3.7 billion offer made sense for
we 'll see if qualcomm is willing to talk ftc antitrust and apple lawsuits , or the still-to-close nxp deal . qcom
rt @jowens510 : ebay expected to show growth in earnings and revenue during holiday-shopping quarter . if not , expect big drop . ebay
for the record , tim cook came on @madmoneyoncnbc about 30 points ago when people said aapl 's best days were behind it .
earnings season is here and these companies report at 4 pm et today qcom t ebay wdc lvs ctxs
aapl ( apple inc. ) passes 122.00 ... highest adjusted share price in 18 months ... stocks stockmarket investing
does n't matter if you put monthly flows in dia & amp ; let the market manage it for you . same with the spx funds
rt @jeffmacke : fdx sentient fedex truck throws itself in front of a train after amzn expands shipping . ( ht @therealbethann from boston ) h
ai n't no bells at a top ; only really , really good news . spx ndx
this bull market is sure making me feel smart ... i would like to thank all the other ninnies and optimists for their help spy
@moonalice plays 'would you rather ? '' & amp ; says he 's buying msft over aapl into earnings tomorrow
servicenow eps , revenue edge views , sales outlook strong : now crm ca hpe ibm
if you bet on these tech stocks like legendary investor @moonalice , you 'd be seeing green , too fb aapl baba
logistics-as-a-service ... ! amzn
rt @ophirgottlieb : bac an option strategy with a 90 % win rate
rt @ophirgottlieb : vix vxx the incredible option trade that has worked for 10 straight years
`` f5 networks posts 516m in revenue '' via @geekwire ffiv
watch this step-by-step procedure for finding hot stocks learn it then rinse and repeat fb twtr
from gs global macro conference , strategist kinger lau talks equities & amp ; growth in china
how to use options in qqq to crush nasdaq returns
alibaba : 26 % upside to new target , goldman says @defotis baba china
in new 65-page analysis , paul silverstein examines communications infrastructure sector margins aaoi acia bsft cien csco oclr jnpr
. @elonmusk 's surprising rapport with trump yields 40 % rally for tsla via @bloomberg
here 's the break-down of the all-time spy closing high sectors
rt @agterzis : @lamonicabuzz seems like fb getting revved up for even bigger initiative in virtualreality & amp ; augmentedreality w/ barra hir
facebook just hired hugo barra . congratulations , fb .
aal calendar spread ahead of earnings tomorrow bmo , @russellrhoads details the trade , skew & amp ; dividend
rt @timothysykes : interview with a 3+ million trader such valuable wisdom shared here fb twtr
. @google has scaled back on its ambitious projects , and it 's paying off goog
starbucks crushed it here sbux
xbox live monthly active users reach record 55m , up 15 % from last year msft gaming
hard to see any serious downside in the long-run @t_muckerman & amp ; these guys already get a lotta my cash . i 'm thinkin
charlie munger and warren buffett focus on operating profit as the key metric , so you probably should too googl
exclusive : energous ceo discusses partnerships , selected due to 'very quick product cycles ' aapl dlgnf watt
`` f5 ceo john mcadam : cloud and security are big for us '' via @barronsonline ffiv
rt @bloombergradio : goog sbux wynn msft intc wynn all moving in late trading @davidinglestv breaks it all down for us here in bloom
@jimcramer sbux mobile order is a game changer . i stopped going to @starbucks bc of the wait and started again w/mobile pay . amazing !
valueact up nearly 20 % in stx since ubben shared with us why he bought the big secondary sept. 2016. not horrible-
rt @ds_investools : 01/26/17 - view today 's market forecast here : discussed : spy iwm gld tlt uso uup eem xlb
everybody loves alibaba earnings baba
alibaba affiliate ant financial buys moneygram for 880 million baba
facebook is upping its security game and will let you log in with a physical key : fb
`` f5 reports product growth in q1 and hopes for more '' via @sdxcentral ffiv
i 've got a great idea that could turn bed bath & amp ; beyond around @tmfknightly & amp ; it may or may not involve chimneys & amp ;
spx understanding option skew -- what it is and why it exists
get inspired by this great female trader we need more female traders fo sho fb twtr
watch gs japan vice chair kathy matsui discuss japan 's cpi and boj inflation target on @bloombergtv in tokyo .
rt @e_russell : aal will take 57 mainline and 12 regional aircraft in 2017 , totalling gross capex of 4.1bn .
will sbux customers have to pay 20 % more for the foreign drinks ?
starbucks ' outlook gives analysts confidence , despite u.s. comp miss sbux
american airlines flies past profit views as unit revenue turns positive aal
yes that was 820 . impressive that it 's back at 850 . would be impressive to go green call spreads might actually w
apple has confirmed it is joining the partnership on ai aapl
wunderlich raises target on microsoft from 70 to 75 following strong q2 msft
. @judsonalthoff joins us on @squawkalley to talk msft , which is trading at new all-time highs this morning
intel ends record-breaking year with solid top- and bottom-line results in the december quarter . intc
bought back those amzn calls i sold around 843 yesterday . those earnings i think will be blow out . googl was jus
@stumcmullin @cnbc of all the non tech large caps in the world , this may have the largest upside . buying sbux today .
microsoft stock nets 52-week high on earnings beat - msft
alphabet revenue growth , yoy : +22 % . googl
@portiacrowe @chase two fingers to wfc and bac
yhoo near 2yr highs despite all noise around security breach . vz will not walk from this deal w/ all movement in sector for vertical baba
deutsche bank modeling for 30 % upside in google shares over the next year goog googl
spy traded just 9 % of avg daily volume in 1st hour .
starbucks ' digital success means analogue customers like me have to wait longer . is that cutting into profits ? sbux
a ceo who 's who of trump 's manufacturing council aa arnc ba
siri is coming to apple watch apps : aapl
guess what 's next week ? ? apple earnings ! ! who 's excited ! ? the iphone might make a comeback , preview here :
dragonfly capital - how this week s top 10 performed , january 27 , 2017 irbt ibm vmc and more spy
live : will big earnings next week give markets another boost ? watch aapl amzn fb
starbucks ca n't keep up with how popular its mobile-ordering feature has become . sbux
google may have shipped 1.5m pixel phones , deutsche ban says googl
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high list at 27 stocks led by financials , tech & amp ; industrials xlk xli xlf
can google conquer mobile the way facebook did ? fb goog googl
rt @charliebilello : valuation and volatility . new post . spx vix
the s & amp ; p 500 broke out in a big way this week . watch this from @alphatrends : spy voo
millennial fan-favorite venmo could become a big part of paypal 's future . pypl
the old guard , csco bosh gr , bk , are validating blockchain technology beyond financial services ... all the way t
rt @optionsaction : here 's how @michael_khouw is betting on facebook ahead of earnings next week fb
why netflix 's money-losing international business looks poised for a big turnaround . nflx
here 's how @michael_khouw is betting on facebook ahead of earnings next week fb
rt @harmongreg : qqq made a new all-time high close every day this week
qqq made a new all-time high close every day this week
rt @optionsplay : fb cnbc 's @optionsaction @michael_khouw bet on earnings with move above 133 highs .
7 keys to making millions in the stock market it 's entirely possible if you apply yourself ! fb twtr
rt @iviewmarkets : nflx still not overbought after 35 % gain , amazing
sweeper brief : 1/27/2017 sharks dry off with markets trading in the record books cbl , vxx , fcx , twlo , mcd ,
rt @econompic : rsx up 19 % and gs up 23 % since the election ... sometimes the most obvious trades are the best .
rt @dynamicvol : as a reminder , a 10 vix roughly implies that 20 of the next 30 spx trading days will fall within +/- 0.62 % . ambitious imo
customer service @deliverydotcom is amazing . only reason ever use @seamless is have more restaurants i frequent . amzn should buy delivery
how i respond to my haters [ nsfw ] remember my first hater also became my first millionaire student fb twtr
how intel can strengthen its relationship with apple . intc aapl
rt @ciovaccocapital : the mother of all stock market signals details spx spy stocks markets investing
the earnings growth rate for spx for q4 is 4.2 % , above the estimate of 3.1 % on dec. 31 .
nvda then avgo then mu , then amd , swks , txn , adi all have ability to go higher .
yep , we caught a good one with avgo
apple stock ( aapl ) in 2017 will outpace tech giants techstocks stocks investing
rt @zortrades : top 20 sectors for next week - a bulk of a stock s move is due to the underlying sector ; ... spy x
`` 5 companies that came to win this week '' including f5 networks : via @crn ffiv
watch what they do ; not what they say . spx ndx
rt @ophirgottlieb : bac i 'm going to show you what edge is in option trading . and then you 're going to do it yourself
3 most unbelievably undervalued biotech stocks - celg ( long )
microsoft corporation 's cloud-computing business is surging - msft
`` facebook is worth 15 '' - barron 's , september 24 , 2012 current price : 132 return since : +478 % fb
what 's that thing on the wooden hutch ? does zuck own an amazon echo ? ? ( he posted this pic on fb )
rt @jboorman : weekend review and watchlist spx ozrk ba gd sum hal mscc msft ual
because the dow finally hit 20,000 djia dia
goog recalls staff to the u.s. after trump immigration order : via @mhbergen
the cashtag collection the freshest shirts for aapl , brexit , vrx and dow 20k
it 's the weekend so it 's time to study the past , see my best day ever and learn from it fb twtr
the fear index is trading at a multi-year low and this is great for investors vxx spy
rt @motleyfoolmoney : earnings-palooza ! hear the latest on microsoft , alphabet , starbucks & amp ; more . msft googl sbux qcom mcd cat
qqq trading option in nasadq 100 can be a winner -- if you take care to check
rt @barronsnext : starbucks ca n't keep up with how popular its mobile-ordering feature has become . sbux
rt @charliebilello : `` facebook is worth 15 '' - barron 's , september 24 , 2012 current price : 132 return since : +478 % fb
aapl the staggering power of proper trading has made apple a gem in the option market
@cato9lives good thats why i bought fcx and clf . raw materials ftw .
aapl selling put spreads in apple but _avoiding_ _earnings_ has returned 123 % in a year ( year )
as more online consumers turn to digital retail platforms to buy groceries , all eyes turn to amazon : amzn
rt @timothysykes : 5 billionaire secrets of their success pretty crazy and so useful fb twtr
seven years ago today : steve jobs introduces the ipad @apple aapl
5 billionaire secrets of their success pretty crazy and so useful fb twtr
rt @barronsnext : why netflix 's money-losing international business looks poised for a big turnaround . nflx
aapl how to win trading options in apple
analysts expect substantial rebound in spx energy earnings growth in 2017 .
rt @syncubate : @readdanwrite twtr is invaluable - yet it 's current market capitalization simply does not reflect its brand ubiquity & amp ; intr
rt @timothysykes : remember my 1 top penny stock trading tip ! never forget this fb twtr
for cy 2016 , spx is reporting earnings growth of 0.3 % .
apple , intel lead 6 dow stocks in buy range now aapl intc ba cat hd utx
rt @ophirgottlieb : aapl a 92 % win rate and an 85 % return in a year with this option strategy that avoids earnings .
this 400 off deal ends in just 2 days from now so take advantage of it asap fb twtr peeps !
something for the bears to chew on spy spx iwm qqq - new post for the coming week .
rt @timothysykes : new blog post : 5 steps to picking a big penny stock winner must read fb twtr peeps !
alibaba , square , under armour : fast money picks for january 30 baba fbhs sq uaa
aapl a clever , risk reducing option strategy that has returned 85 % in a year and a 92 % win rate
dan nathan 's ups options trade fdx ups
awesome free webinar i did on how to adapt to this new market do n't miss this fb twtr
yes . yes . yes . not universally , but we 've been invested in baba ( + many other ecomm ) since early vc days . like all
. @starbucks ceo : we 're going to hire 10,000 refugees . we are living in an unprecedented time . '' sbux
schultz said starbucks is developing plans to hire 10,000 refugees over the next 5 years across 75 countries : sbux
spy vwap from election will be important level to monitor
5 important steps to freedom and freedom is what really matters in life fb twtr
starbucks ceo plan following trump ban : wants to hire 10,000 refugees worldwide in next five years sbux
the forward 12-month p/e ratio for spx is 17.2 , above the 10-year average ( 14.4 ) .
rt @pipstodollars : sbux starbucks ceo howard schultz stands up to trump , wants to hire 10,000 refugees sbux via @
inspired in part by the mo farah tweet . nke
aapl winning option trades in apple
17 key lessons to make your 2017 great ! you need to watch this fb twtr
the trailing 12-month p/e ratio for spx is 21.0 , above the 10-year average ( 16.1 ) .
rt @timothysykes : 17 key lessons to make your 2017 great ! you need to watch this fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : 5 important steps to freedom and freedom is what really matters in life fb twtr
starbucks ceo howard schultz : we will hire 10,000 refugees sbux usd
why you should bet on baba , ibm , and 3 more stocks to outperform in february
google is pledging 4m to support u.s. immigration organizations googl
aapl earnings preview : tim arcuri sees 76m iphone unit sell-in , 13.5m ipad units , & amp ; 5.4m apple watch units
rt @cerebrus7 : p fb ua sbux large short position orders investing finance valueinvesting hedgefunds philanthropy stocks stockma
early movers : c , tpx , dis , axp , xxia , low , dal & amp ; more by @peterschack
alibaba , square , under armour : @cnbcfastmoney picks for january 30 baba fbhs sq uaa
dan nathan 's ups options trade fdx ups
monday got you down ? brighten your day with some good , wholesome stock-watching : dal tm fit tpx
i always like to spy 'green beans in the red sea ' for hints re : underlying demand . teva twtr cmg wmt tgt dis
spx took out momentum stops fast- 2288,2284,2277. now look , it 's testing `` bigger trend support '' from post election
ntap upgraded at goldman sachs gs , analyst sees improving fundamentals , an improving it spending environment , possi
aapl consumers willing to pay more for extra hardware , w/ iphone 7 plus accounting for ~40 % of total sales in the
fb the marvelous reality of trading options in facebook and avoiding earnings risk
aapl a high percentage winning option trade that has crushed it
dow losers : ba dd gs jpm intc
ivape ? apple patent application suggests company may be eyeing the vaping industry aapl
someone has already spent 33 million this year buying vix call options : vix spy voo
citigroup is standing by its investments in mexico even amid worries of a trade war @thestreet @jayelang c
why @microsoft looks like a better bet than @intel : msft intc via @barronstechblog
after an initial surge of volume things have calmed down in spx pit cboe @cboe | chicago board
rt @optionsaction : fang stocks are breaking out here s how @michael_khouw is trading fb into earnings amzn nflx googl
facebook is leaning toward long-form video fb
facebook is leaning toward long-form video fb by @biintelligence
goldman sachs breaks with government sachs on immigration ban via @dakincampbell @hugh_son @markets gs
google launches fund that could donate 4m to aclu , others googl
formal vix protection still out of style , but gld bull sweepers have been willing to buy every dip these tumultuo
. @jeffbezos remember when amzn took a stand for paris ? where are you now ? cc @anildash @karaswisher
boj , sundance , & amp ; momentum mon . discussed : dd , dow , chrw , fdx , ups , tmus investools
spx that swept thru momentum pivots . did hold the trend line since the election spy new pivot is 226.40
this 400 off deal ends in just 48 hours so take advantage of it asap fb twtr peeps !
wedbush s james dix commented on how new @fcc chief will facilitate m & amp ; a in @thr vz t nflx cmcsa twx amzn mna
msft could price one of its largest bonds ever , adding to the active ig market ahead of prospective rate hikes
rt @optionsaction : chart points to new highs for facebook : technician fb
twitter flies higher , stock range bound over the last 10 sessions twtr
chart points to new highs for facebook : technician fb
citigroup plans to exit mortgage servicing by end of next year c
if these aapl businesses formed a single company , it would be one of the 40 biggest in the u.s. based on sales :
sbux down 0.39 % after ceo announced plans to hire 10,000 refugees
here 's how you want to play the amazon juggernaut amzn
s & amp ; p 500 sales are up 5.4 % over the past year , strongest since the 2nd quarter of 2014 . spx
microsoft holding biggest corporate bond sale so far this year msft via @barronsonline
nasdaq congratulates @wholefoods on the opening of their bryant park location . welcome to the neighborhood wfm !
markets hate uncertainty ; and 'certainty ' requires a *cogent* strategy for tax reform , infrastructure spend and deregulation . spx ndx
video game publisher activision added to wedbush 'best ideas list ' : atvi ea
the `` earnings recession '' appears to be over . spx
microsoft to issue biggest bond of the year in debt market boom via @ft msft
in honor of nationalmentoringmonth , see the impact of gs communityteamworks in 2016 :
twtr there are reasons to be bullish twitter , if you dare my take via @yahoofinance @cnnmoney
@jbeyda @techcrunch facebook is dominating in so many areas . fb
rt @stockstotrade : use the stt twtr feed to locate the best news fastest ! ! drys
. @facebook started 2017 on the right foot . q4 could make or break that trend fb
rt @timothysykes : here are 9 traits of successful people see what 's working best for people fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : this is a question i get all the damn time you 'll be surprised at my answer fb twtr
thanks to m & amp ; a , times have never been better for chipmakers : mchp on cy adi qcom nxpi swks
aapl winning option trades in apple
microsoft just priced a 17bn ig bond , its 2nd largest ever following the 19.7bn issue that priced 5 months ago in
rt @yahoofinance : google launches fund that could donate 4m to aclu , others googl
company built on cheap foreign labor model takes gutsy anti-bigotry stance . nke
here 's how some of the best investors think about earnings and what thefinalyolo means : aapl spy dia
proud to be a google shareholder . goog we call on all ceo 's to denounce trumps muslimban
why netflix is n't scared of president trump nflx
tim cook said apple will return to growth tuesday is his chance to prove it - aapl ( long )
twitter to announce long overdue changes to fight harassment - twtr
yelp ceo : `` will do everything in our power to help and protect our affected employees . ''
fb winning option trading in facebook my take via @cnnmoney
you must learn about pre-market and after-hours trading this is very important fb twtr
walmart wmt is going straight for the jugular at amzn amazon.let 's hope walmart does n't start producing films/tv .
spy 's have a hairline fracture . we 'll see if it heals . or not ! yesterday 's low is 226.41 to trade against . 228.20 is pivot resistance
good morning . mixed markets around the world . europe up small dax+.38 % cac+.31 % ftse.41 % . china closed , but nikkei falls 1.6 % spx futs-1
iwm 's low from yest is 133.24 it 's hairline fracture is a bit larger . we 'll see if it leads to a bigger break . or not ! resistance 135.25
msft taps into us ig market with its 2nd largest bond ever ( 17bn ) , ahead of this year 's expected rate hikes
tsla still acts better then most names . held yesterday 's low and 8day
twtr reasons to be bullish twitter ( long ) my take via @yahoofinance @cnnmoney
what to expect from apple 's earnings later today : @thestreet @jack_analyst aapl
aapl is largest detractor while fb is largest contributor to spx tech earnings growth for q4 .
finally , a question for xom about oil sands .
here 's how a former banker and cfa with decades of experience sees apple before earnings : aapl
starbucks unveils voice ordering - sbux ( long )
4 top biotech stocks with big upcoming catalysts via @yahoofinance - celg ( long )
aapl is projected to report 3 % growth in iphone sales and a 1.5 % decline in eps for q4 .
ca n't stop - wo n't stop gld action continues yesterday 's steam . ignore the flow at your own peril !
exxon says it will continue to `` fully comply '' with u.s. sanctions on russia xom
exxon mobil , asked about trump 's border tax , said it will `` continue to advocate for free market principles . '' xom
aapl winning option strategy in apple
took ea 3 for 45 cents
s & amp ; p 500 -- unless something drastic happens in the next few hours , january should close with a gain spx
. @caterpillarinc to establish chicago-area global hq for senior execs . most employees will remain in peoria , il cat
rt @hedgeyeretail : to be clear , this uaa blow-up is nke bullish ua
rt @factset : aapl is projected to report 3 % growth in iphone sales and a 1.5 % decline in eps for q4 .
earnings preview : wallstreet expects record 77.4b revenue in aapl 's best qtr in history
aapl reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.02 eps and +12.57m revs compared to ws
rt @marketwatch : apple reported a record 78.4 billion in revenue . aapl up 2.6 %
rt @aapltree : iphone asp , btw ? is at a new all-time high . all . time . high . aapl
options insight : @joeatiger discusses vix 's rise and his options trade for xlf with @juleshyman on @bloombergtv
rt @steve_desaul : aapl cash hoard totals 246b in q1 2017. that 's up 8.5b from last quarter . @cnbcclosingbell
aapl cash hoard totals 246b in q1 2017. that 's up 8.5b from last quarter . @cnbcclosingbell
apple revenue , earnings , iphone sales up and so are shares aapl
apple blows out q1 earnings estimates , sees record eps aapl
rt @timothysykes : here 's how to find the best stocks every day study up fb twtr peeps !
rt @aapltree : at present trajectory ? apple will outpace fortune 100 company territory , even for fy17 basis . remarkable . aapl
apple beats the estimates for dec qtr . the number of iphones rose 5 percent , revenue up 3 percent , net income up 2.4 percent . aapl
rt @seanansmith : aapl beats on top & amp ; bottom lines . eps 3.36 on rev of 78.4 billion , all-time record . shares moving higher in after hours
that 's a lot of records for apple . aapl
great work by @philmasch who takes the win for ea beating 137 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
ea beats the estimize eps consensus by 16c and the estimize revenue consensus by 4.28m -
how amazon is eating the retail world amzn
aapl smashes expectations : record setting 78.4b in revenue on sales of 78.3m iphones
aapl is going through the roof and some guy in reddit just lost 300.000
rt @ibdinvestors : apple eps , sales return to growth ; amd , oclaro beat amid after hours tech earnings rush aapl am
apple eps , sales return to growth ; amd , oclaro beat amid after hours tech earnings rush
ea pr : `` fifa 17 was the best-selling console title in the world in 2016 . ''
ea pr : `` battlefield 1.. biggest battlefield launch ever .. player base more than 50 % larger ( vs. ) battlefield 4 .. comparable launch qter . ''
rt @stocktwits : bulls make money . bears make money . wolves go viral . aapl
things are good in apple 's world . aapl sells record number of iphones
`` we 're thrilled , '' says tim cook . gee , ya think ? highest quarterly revenue ever , biggest quarter for iphone ever . aapl
aapl cash hoard swells to record 246 billion -- larger than sri lanka 's est . 2016 gdp ! ( via @christiiineeee )
apple has 246b cash on its balance sheet ( most offshore ) to go with 77b in debt . @ericjhonsa aapl live blog :
rt @rjonesy : a new take on my aapl earnings thoughts .
apple aapl details of quarterly earnings now up 2.6 % in after-hours trade
this amount of money is just obsene ( for one company to have in cash ) aapl @christiiineeee
in a good way . forecast for upcoming quarter surprises in a not so good way . aapl shares up about 3 %
aapl beats the estimize eps consensus by 12c and the estimize revenue consensus by 1.47b -
aapl reports fq1 earnings of 3.36 eps and 78.35b revs -
rt @cnbcclosingbell : 78.3m iphone units sold in q1 2017 . aapl
apple shares surged 25 % in last year . meanwhile , the s & amp ; p 500 increased 17 % over past 12 months aapl live blog :
rt @subrat_patnaik : apple iphone sales handily beat wall street estimates via @stephennellis @narottammedhora aapl
what to expect from fb tomorrow
78.3m iphone units sold in q1 2017 . aapl
aapl innovation continues . introduces the next big new phone . it 's red , and has a dial and cord .
cook points to apple 's `` rich lineup '' of wearables with watch , airpods & amp ; beats - `` huge growth potential for wearables going forward '' aapl
. @apple plans to double size of its services business in the next 4 years , ceo @tim_cook says . aapl
`` apple watch is the gold standard for smartwatches . '' k. cool . aapl
. @apple ceo @tim_cook says rev from services biz should be size of fortune 100 co this year . has 150m paid customer subscriptions aapl
rt @mcwm : pretty nuts : apple s services business will be the size of fortune 100 business in 2017 , according to cook aapl
scoop w/ @jackmarshall . facebook making an app for tv set-top boxes , giving it another vehicle for video ads , per sources . fb
. @apple 's mac had highest quarterly revenue ever in q1 , ceo @tim_cook says . aapl
notes of interest from aapl 's q1 2017 conference call
pretty nuts : apple s services business will be the size of fortune 100 business in 2017 , according to cook aapl
apple will seek to double its services business over the next four years , says @tim_cook . aapl
aapl services apple care , apple s restore services record quarter . apple pay record , with transaction volume up 500 % yoy
yay apps ! 2.2 million apps for doing almost anything you can imagine . developer community : 60 billion dollars , 20 billion in 2016 aapl
3b in app store purchases in december alone . @ericjhonsa aapl live blog :
apple 's cash hoard swells to record 246.09 billion aapl by itself it would be the 13th largest public co in world
`` revenue from our music business grew for the third quarter in a row , '' @apple ceo @tim_cook says . aapl @applemusic
iphone 7 plus demand exceeded supply for the quarter - balance reached in january says cook aapl
iphone had a tremendous quarter , aapl tim cook says , due to `` especially '' strong demand for iphone 7 plus .
@sarge986 must see tv . aapl
lol @the aapl bears . `` weak guidance ! '' okay .
`` we saw especially strong demand for iphone 7 plus , '' @apple ceo @tim_cook says . higher portion of product mix than seen in the past . aapl
apple caught up with demand for iphone 7s in january , says @tim_cook . aapl
highest unit and revenue records for iphone and apple watch - tim . aapl
apple has set a new target to double its services revenues in the next four years , to around 50bn by 2021
ipad sales barely topped 13 million units , while expectations were for 15 million . aapl corrected
driven by @appstore , aapl 'services ' business explodes with 7.17 billion in revenue
apple shares rose 3 % after beating earnings . @mobilenations ' @simonsage broke down the company 's overseas iphone 7
aapl apple 's service revenue is larger than _all_ of_ facebook_ . most recent quarter apple services : 7.17b fb total : 7.01b
rt @usatodaytech : apple revenue , earnings , iphone sales up and so are shares aapl
aapl apple pops more than 2.5 % after big earnings beat , record revenues
aapl 's 246b in cash holdings accounts for over 26 % of the 924b in cash held by s & amp ; p 500 tech sector companies . spglobaldeals
@johnkoetsier aapl apple 's service revenue is larger than all of facebook , most recent quarter apple services : 7.17b fb total : 7.01b
aapl r & amp ; d still on the rise +19.4 % in fq1 vs. revenue growth of 3.3 %
apple 's revenue from services ( app store , itunes , apple pay ) is starting to generate massive amounts of money aapl
ea call : 32 % unit sales digital on current console gen ( trailing 12 months ) . higher as bf1 more digital oriented vs. battlefront last year
apple s hidden multi-billion dollar business could be the star of tuesday 's earnings aapl
. @apple 's appstore had more than double the rev of @google 's @googleplay , apple cfo says . aapl googl
ea call : upside for quarter from battlefield 1 and fifa 17 , offset by titanfall 2 ( downside )
apple ceo @tim_cook is thrilled with earnings report : `` outstanding results . '' aapl
iphone unit sell-through was up 8 % , better than official sales growth of 5 % . aapl live blog :
earnings expected wed : fb mo met d adp - 5 largest u.s. companies by market cap . start your research :
tim stressing on siri + homekit as the silent leader in `` smart home '' automation , . ai in smart home was the key ces2017 theme aapl
rt @dseetharaman : fb has tried this in the past ; latest effort got going again last year when fb decided to go `` video-first . '' link tk .
over a million people using apple carplay aapl 1qfy2017
holiday demand for applewatch was `` so strong we could n't make enough , '' @apple ceo @tim_cook says . supply also tight for macs , etc aapl
ea call : fy2018 titles - battlefront will include multiple star wars eras , madden will move to frostbite engine
there are more than 1 million people using carplay now , says @tim_cook aapl
. @apple sales beat estimates due to demand for latest iphones shares apple aapl
ea call : 800m a year in ultimate team sales ( fifa , madden , hockey )
services `` going to be a fortune 100 company this year , but we have a goal to double it over the next four years . '' aapl
today 's most active options : aapl bac rad fb read more
@apple ceo @tim_cook says have `` put toe in water '' doing original content for @applemusic . thinking about what more it can do aapl
breaking news apple aapl setting on 246 billion - what 's in your wallet ?
. @amazon lands its first air cargo hub . amzn by @laurastevenswsj via @wsj
rt @mcwm : cook says he thinks tax reform is likely this year , adding it 's good for the country and good for apple aapl
cook says he thinks tax reform is likely this year , adding it 's good for the country and good for apple aapl
alternate use of cash - from 2011 : why apple should spend 100b to buy facebook aapl fb
oo tim cook is being asked about whether trump will help bring back to the us aapl
rt @firstadopter : ea call : 800m a year in ultimate team sales ( fifa , madden , hockey )
rt @jowens510 : tim cook does n't hold back on qualcomm lawsuit . aapl qcom
like i said the day of iphone 7 launch , `` the pundits were wrong . apple 7 and 7 plus was a major upgrade.. '' aapl
rt @firstadopter : ea call : last mass effect did 6 million units
rt @adamfeuerstein : not that you believed otherwise , but gale ceo mark schwartz was fired , per the 8-k .
expect @apple to invest in even more silicon designs as time goes on . do n't rule out 5g either . apple will need on
rt @estimize : great work by wakko who takes the win for aapl beating 792 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
rt @ophirgottlieb : aapl iphone avg selling price 694 story this morning : apple iphone asp set to rise - @yahoofinance is dead wrong htt
strong dollar has prompted apple to raise prices by up to 40 percent in local currency terms in some countries , says cfo luca maestri . aapl
rt @sharatibken : iphone7plus is most popular plus model @apple has ever had , ceo @tim_cook says aapl
aapl sold 78.3 million iphones last quarter , beating expectations
ea call : last mass effect did 6 million units
iphone7plus is most popular plus model @apple has ever had , ceo @tim_cook says aapl
. @tim_cook : repatriation of 231b cash would be 'very good for the country & amp ; good for aapl '
apple iphones sold in fiscal 1q : 2007 0 2008 2.3m 2009 2.5m 2010 3.4m 2011 16m 2012 37m 2013 48m 2014 51m 2015 74m 2016 75m 2017 78m aapl
apple earned more in 3 mos . ( 78.4b ) than cuba 's 2015 gdp . aapl
apple 's ceo sees a way to bring back billions in cash from overseas aapl
twtr stock also up 4.04 %
iphone sales bolster @apple s revenue - record quarter proves aapl bears wrong
@johnsculley says @realdonaldtrump could be good for aapl . here 's why :
simple lesson from aapl : new product + high end differentiator ( camera ) + noticeable feature ( portrait ) + competitor stumble = winning
not any traders have ever done this so i was extremely grateful for the opportunity fb twtr
apple tops samsung in q4 smartphone sales , says strategy analytics - aapl ( long )
apple 's services business hits fortune 100 level q1 revenue aapl
story updated with a bit more context such as how tv app under development differs fb 's apps for roku , etc .
electronic arts posted a 7 % gain in revenue for its fiscal q3 as marquee titles delivered mixed results . ea
aapl now that earnings are over , this has been a killer option strategy in apple .
apple 's cash pile has grown to 246.09 billion . a record . that 's also bigger than bank of america : aapl
twtr reasons to be bullish twitter ( long ) my take via @cnnmoney @yahoofinance
apple service revenue bigger this q than fb revs and they want to double that pace in four years . ( aapl )
last chance to save big at i do n't run that company so no extensions whatsoever , grab it while you can fb twtr
icymi msft & amp ; at & amp ; t priced their 2nd largest bonds ever less than 24hrs apart t fed
rt @dasarteyarnway : aapl can buy every nfl franchise with its cash position . and still have change . stocks
the 3 most important themes in consumer staples ( and what it means for usfd wfm cost )
rt @miriamgottfried : i see . so facebook 's strategy for getting tv ad dollars is buying tv content and putting it on a literal tv set ? fb h
@elwinslow i think the word stands for itself . ( kidding . twtr err trying to reply )
aapl an option strategy winner in apple
rt @the_real_fly : thefinalyolo eliminated : apple shares explode higher , completely bankrupting aapl trading with raul3
apple all time high revenues in india ... small town i 'm sure it 's a fluke aapl
rt @breakingviews : apple is working harder to squeeze iphone juice , says @rob_cyran aapl
rt @nickmcquire : big q1 for macbookpro , aapl 's largest ever . +7 % yoy , beat surface w `` double-digit '' in education . most bought 1st ma
apple destroys it on quarterly earnings w/ iphone sales , breaks past 125 in after hours trading - highest share price in 18 months aapl
several of my top students made six figures this month , did you ? if not study harder and grinddddd fb twtr
stocks i 'm watching tomorrow aapl uaa cara fb xbi nke oclr labu sbux kite ups blue twtr ctsh mnta --
about to talk apple earnings on @squawkboxeurope - big quarter , just what investors were hoping for aapl
well done , iphone7 buyers . you helped aapl set some records
why celgene s otezla is expected to see strong demand trends in 2017 - celg ( long )
facebook earnings : wall street expects growth to show no sign of slowing - fb mistake imho
apple is spiking to its highest price since july 2015. it 's now only 6 % away from fresh all-time highs :
apple shares jump 4 % after record iphone sales - aapl ( long ) and.. eh , hem .
rt @mliburdi : aapl up almost 5 % in premarket trading . earnings crush expectations & amp ; opportunity to repatriate cash good news for investors .
translation : buy aapl
shares of fb gained another 1 % in premarket hours as the company prepares to report fourth-quarter earning after the bell wednesday .
wednesday - apple earnings today keep the bears at bay aapl teva ung slw --
us stocks surge on the open on strength of earnings ( especially aapl ) & amp ; strong adp jobs numbers . fed decision in the afternoon . ^jc
siri , why are apple shares up this morning ? aapl
what exactly is a trade war and why should you be concerned ? aapl ba wmt
rt @mktsinsider : apple is taking off after its earnings beat aapl
apple is taking off after its earnings beat aapl
if aapl keeps going like this , it could top its all-time stock price 134.54 it s only about 6.50 off
paging matt damon ! aapl up 5 % following earnings .
aapl crushes earnings , thanks to iphone 7 sales
why public relations matter : uber vs. lyft fb twtr deleteuber
@jimcramer fit is a great pickup for google or apple at this point , great brand and dominates the low end fitness trackers
rt @waltbtig : here s our chat on aapl on @bloombergtv with @ferrotv @adsteel @davidwestin
apple stock ripe for picking as iphone 8 cycle looms aapl
hey , tech industry : it 's time to admit applewatch is a success ! aapl q1 2017 follow-up by @reneritchie
apple leads the dow higher : aapl
apple is considering legal action against trump s immigration order . aapl
apple shares are up almost 6 % after earnings . oh , and ceo tim cook may be going to court over pres . trump 's exec order on immigration aapl
markets right now : us stocks open higher ; apple jumps dowjones aapl stocks read more
apple 's 'record-laden ' first-quarter earnings : what wall street is saying aapl
aapl up more than 5 % after yesterday 's surprising beat
'the beauty of apple is that it goes through these great periods of euphoria and these great periods of doubt ' aapl
stocks to watch : aapl hits 52-week high , fb 's tv app , amd sales soar
rt @flower_power_67 @jonnajarian yesterday you report unusual call buying in celg at 117 . celg crosses above 11
rt @davidgzeiler : aapl up 5.5 % , hits 52-week high following surprisingly strong q1 earnings . why apple has room to run :
rt @t3live : how to not lose 200k trading aapl options
mnkd reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.03 eps and -0.05m revs compared to ws
the uptick rule : what is it and why is the trump administration taking a second look ? spy twtr
fb reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.02 eps and +34.93m revs compared to ws
terrific talking aapl earning with @jonerlichman on @bnn this morning .
apple ceo @tim_cook hoping for tax reform under @potus @realdonaldtrump . what will aapl do with inormous cash pile ?
twtr reasons to be bullish twitter ... if you dare my take via @yahoofinance @cnnmoney
see my charity 's first 1 million donation it 's been decades in the making so get inspired to do this too fb twtr
rt @foxbusiness : apple leads the dow higher : aapl
rt @imore : here 's what 's happening with the ipad market ! aapl q1 2017 follow-up by @reneritchie
rt @imore : hey , tech industry : it 's time to admit applewatch is a success ! aapl q1 2017 follow-up by @reneritchie
spy keeping both sides guessing for now-
fb is projected to report 58 % growth in mobile ad revenue and 65 % growth in eps for q4 .
online shopping is really just @amazon . @sliceintel : in 2016 amzn took 43 % of all online sales ... and 53 % of all online sales growth
rt @reneritchie : terrific talking aapl earning with @jonerlichman on @bnn this morning .
imperial 's airline stock picks amid trump 's immigration ban aal aaww dal jblu ual ha save iyt trumpban
@jmorrison9 aapl earnings move substantially more than options implied feb 3rd 121 straddle was 4.40 yesterday @optionsaction
early morning pop -- maybe tied to adp -- has faded away . no buying interest . waiting for pickup after europe closes , or after fed meeting . spy
rt @lkramer : apple 's 'record-laden ' first-quarter earnings : what wall street is saying aapl via @thestreet
the united states of apple ? aapl continues to mint money . cook cash graphic by @carollmatt
rt @courtreagan : online shopping is really just @amazon . @sliceintel : in 2016 amzn took 43 % of all online sales ... and 53 % of all online sa
rt @lamonicabuzz : the united states of apple ? aapl continues to mint money . cook cash graphic by @carollmatt + sof
here 's how free apple pay could help grow square sq aapl
fb to dominate all forms of media , including live tv
rt @jeffcooperlive : aapl topped nearly 2 yrs ago . now the cry is `` aapl 's back '' . it would be fittingly ironic and typically perverse if mar
bulls in bac & amp ; fb , aapl earnings & amp ; cash stash @angiemiles w @tradewise tom amzn pre earnings iv , mrk
stupidstock move of the day ! sbux down again ? protests have n't hurt in past . and too much mobile demand is good problem that can be fixed .
read what microsoft ceo satya nadella told employees on trump 's immigration ban msft
246 billion is a lot of money . aapl
rt @scottbudman : ten years ago , apple computer became apple . today , tesla motors becomes tesla . aapl tsla
apple has more than triples its 30-day avg volume so far in today 's trade , trading over 61m shares ( via @cnbc ) aapl
walmart introduces new shipping policy to compete with amazon wmt amzn
aapl shares are within ~3 % or so of their all time high ( not share-count adjustred market cap ) .
the end of day buying of aapl 121 calls was the catalyst for more upside @halftimereport
ringing up the iphones : strong apple results put a charge into markets aapl spy amzn cmg uaa ups fb
apple just hit session high of the day ( +6.3 % , rare for aapl ) & amp ; has now officially added 40,000,000,000 to its market value since yday
most of us are n't buying aapl for innovation , we 're buying for the amazing growth of cashflow @jessielivermore
worked nicely , took some nice profits in fb , but have upside spreads into eps jim @jimtilton5
rt @ivanhoff : stocks up more than 50 % in the past 6 months and up more than 3 % today : amd nvda tnav zyne etc .
apple sold over 78m iphones in fq1 , becoming the world 's top smartphone seller for the first time in half a decade aapl
apple aapl shares have taken off today after company reported record revenue , iphone sales
look at the move in aapl today . larger then most option dealers priced in . anything can always happen . never hav
facebook nears all-time high ahead of q4 report fb
rt @fpinvesting : iphone 8 in focus for apple inc investors aapl
iphone 8 in focus for apple inc investors aapl
analysts raise aapl targets , see shares going as high as 156 after best-quarter ever
rt @adamsinger : @ophirgottlieb lesson from the wolf guy who was buying aapl puts ( even if not real ) is always do the opposite trade of r/w
over the last 50 years , the s & amp ; p 500 has averaged a 0.14 % return during the month of february : spy voo vix
rt @jonnajarian : the end of day buying of aapl 121 calls was the catalyst for more upside @halftimereport
4 keys to making 1 million dollars study hard and you might just be my next millionaire student fb twtr
rt @kerrymflynn : my fb earnings preview : a reminder that facebook owns your smartphone
the yolo wolf denies his apple bet was fake and says people are just looking for a reason to be outraged .
notable participants : rila , nrf , nke , shld , tgt , wmt , wba
under armour rebounds , but only slightly , after yesterday 's earnings drubbing . uaa up nearly 1 % . ua flat . and nke up a tad as well .
you 've got to be watching apple today - shares up 6.54 % ( aapl )
new service idea : `` motley fool amazon . '' just buy amzn & amp ; team of analysts digs into every facet of the biz 24/7 .
rt @cheddar : for our closing bell show at 3 pm et , what story should we lead off with ? cheddarlive aapl tsla
here 's why the beaten-down shares of fit may soon bounce back
glad you participated ! do n't forget mu -- tomorrow 's analyst meeting !
why gold and energy can make gains this year via @barronsonline gld xle vde ( behind paywall )
the fool 's evan niu ( @tmfnewcow ) on cnbc talking aapl
mstarminute : solid iphone results for apple aapl
`` this is historic , people talk about what are they going to next ; apple could literally do whatever it wants '' aapl
aapl leading the dow higher today on the back of yesterday 's earnings report . what level do you think it will clos
stock mover : facebook gains with earnings on deck fb @seanansmith
short sellers are piling into tesla tsla
live now ! @thestreet 's coverage of fb earnings , do n't miss !
more : facebook says average daily active users in december 2016 grew to 1.23 billion , up 18 percent year over year fb
facebook beats on earnings , revenue and users . boom ! fb up nearly 3 % after hours .
fb maus : 1.96 billion vs. 1.83 billion expected by streetaccount daus : 1.23 billion vs. 1.19 billion expected by streetaccount
fb q4 earnings and revenue beat estimates . tech firm raked in 8.8b in revenue . eps : 1.41 versus 1.31 expected .
rt @alex : fb instantly up 2+ % after hours after earnings beat on rev , profit , users .
just in : facebook shares up 3 percent in after-hours trading after fourth-quarter earnings beat estimates fb
bang ! @reformedbroker @shiraovide fb in a year added 269m monthly active users . nearly a whole twitter 's worth of users in one year .
rt @sai : apple stock is soaring aapl
`` nearly a whole twitter 's worth of users in one year . '' fb
nice first move in fb above the 133.50 . make sure it holds it if u stay in . watch cc . expenses . options pricing 6.50 move
fb instantly up 2+ % after hours after earnings beat on rev , profit , users .
facebook fb q4 results . revenue 8.81b vs 8.51b est . eps 1.41 vs 1.31 est . trendingshares trading shares
apple is suddenly on fire again . aapl
this is facebook right now after earnings . it spiked 3.5 % in just minutes : fb
rt @stocktwits : facebook just crushed earnings : fb
facebook 4q 2016 revenue , actual vs. estimate . fb | breaking
rt @themoneygame : apple stock is soaring aapl
facebook earnings are out , and the stock is up 3 % to a record high . follow along on our live blog :
apple stock is soaring aapl
apple stock is soaring aapl
breaking : facebook earnings beat expectations ; stock spikes to all time high after hours . fb
facebook just crushed earnings : fb
rt @motleyfooltech : record revenue record eps record iphone sales record services revenue record apple watch sales boom ! aapl
fb up 3 % after hours
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : facebook q4 eps 1.41 adj . vs. 1.31 est . ; q4 revs . 8.81b vs. 8.51b est . fb
sandberg calls instagram stories ( 150m daily users ) a `` standout example '' of product roll outs in the past year fb
fb market cap has topped 400b in after-hours trading . has surpassed amzn for now @ericjhonsa
craziest number from facebook - it took in 19.81 in revenue per u.s./canada user , up 51 % in most mature market . fb
rt @cnet : facebook may be fighting a fakenews problem , but it 's making real money fb
facebook shrs hitting fresh all time highs after hrs after the week 's 2nd big tech beat . aapl
capex rose 83 % y/y in q4 to 1.27b . companies selling chips used in fb infrastructure should be pleased @ericjhonsa
rt @seanansmith : fb shares up +2 % on earnings beat . eps 1.41 on revenue of 8.81b . @yahoofinance
facebook : desktop ad revenue grew 22 percent from efforts to limit ad blockers -- cfo dave fb
rt @hannahkuchler : if you are a facebook user in the us or canada , fb generated almost 20 of revenue from you last quarter .
if you are a facebook user in the us or canada , fb generated almost 20 of revenue from you last quarter .
dow industrial index closed 26pt or 0.1 % higher to 19890. the index was driven by apple aapl , which rose 6 % & amp ; added +50pt to index markets
stocks salvage gains in session stirred by apple , amd , facebook , fed : aapl fb amd avy nvda antm aet elli
`` it 's gon na be the biggest data center we 've built . '' - zuck fb
samsung has shipped more than 5 million gear vrs fb
rt @kerrymflynn : 400 million people now use video chat on messenger every month fb
400 million people now use video chat on messenger every month fb
see how aapl 'services ' revenue has grown steadily amid changes in other business segments
rt @adamfeuerstein : mnkd is seeking shareholder approval for a reverse stock split between 1-for-3 to 1-for-10 . & gt ;
facebook grew by the near equivalent of twitter s user base in 1 year fb up 2 %
rt @sammyrodz : thanks for the fb options strategy @michael_khouw . bought your book the options edge . looking forward to learning more fro
rt @nivo0o0 : facebook is just printing money . fb
rt @cnnmoney : apple is suddenly on fire again . aapl
facebook is just printing money . fb
@keegan_simzer @karenfinerman @petenajarian love this company riminds me of google 10 years ago ... fb so much potential , great management !
final note : fb up 2 % after hours . should open around 136 tomorrow , which , i think , will be an all time high ( verify that pls ) .
@andrewbarranca6 higher ! fb
was that a hint at facebook tv ? we 're interested in a variety of platforms but our main focus is obviously on mobile . fb
`` the biggest change will see on consumption.. is much more video inventory coming in.. people will experiment with longer form . '' - zuck fb
table : instagram engagement increasing based on q4 facebook conference call disclosure of @instagram daus look at
yo i 'm just impressed by dave 's consistency fb
rt @miriamgottfried : aw , facebook says it focuses on gaap because it views stock-based comp as a real expense . come a long way , kid . fb ht
facebook has n't told us how much time people are spending on the platform this quarter . fb
today 's free recap to help you set up your day tomorrow spx spy fb aapl amzn gs
[ video ] executive series : @airxpander ceo , scott dodson on axp 's recently received fda approval ausbiz
fb earnings smashes expectations .
rt @christianhern : fb 28b in 2016 . 84 % mobile ... and impressive growth at scale . congrats @ceverson stilllongfb
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high rises to 31 stocks . finanicals & amp ; tech lead the list . xlf xlk
rt @karangoel : fb facebook daus at the end of q4 : 2016 : 1.23b 2015 : 1.03b 2014 : 890m 2013 : 757m 2012 : 618m
i think the market is working on 40 times fb earnings of 3.49 gives you 139.60 that 's where facebook should be . cash cow !
facebook had over 300 % earnings growth yoy . 10 bil in profits and 30 bil in cash . 3.49 in eps . what pe should we assign 30-40 or 50 ? fb
facebook numbers are off the chart . the election clearly helped ad spend . they are growing in every category . fb
. @kurtwagner8 @recode disagree , facebook said on conference call they want video content that is more youtube-like than netflix-like fb
rt @timothysykes : do you have this key trait needed to become a millionaire ? if not , go get it , it 's important fb
djia 20k was nice but don t let it drive your choices . let s move on . ibdwebinar
have we seen peak facebook ? smart take by @miriamgottfried via @wsj fb
rt @gs10kwomen : watch : 4 steps gs & amp ; @ifc_org are taking to help women gain access to capital globally :
facebook 's next move ... live tv ? fb
amzn * own call spread & amp ; avoid earnings +193 % ( left ) * same , but put sell at 80 % max gain +343 % ( right ) your turn
fb * selling puts spreads & amp ; avoid earnings +177 % ( left ) * same , but put a 30 % stop loss +265 % ( right ) your turn :
fb with earnings over , this has proven to be an exceptionally good time to trade options
snapchat has a problem . fb is taking its ideas and running , a la msft in th the nineties !
vxx vix the option trade that has won for 10 straight years
here 's how you can actually make millions in the stock market now go make it happen ! fb twtr
worththeprice ? : fb hits record 136 post 4q . @akikofujita looks at where new growth could come from . street 10a
facebook has more daily active users than there are people in the us , japan , russia , germany and brazil combined .
ebay and amazon : hunting for pairs during earnings season amzn ebay via @tdansherrod
rt @spencerjakab : have we seen peak facebook ? smart take by @miriamgottfried via @wsj fb
gold starts february lower , but gains some ground after fed meeting gld gdx nugt dust
[ podcast ] executive series : @airxpander axp ceo & amp ; president , scott dodson ausbiz
what the apple ( aapl ) stock price will do after earnings
the hot stock : arconic soars 11 % arnc aa
well done clarkk3nt beating 87 other analysts and the wall street consensus to take the win for nxpi -
nxpi reports fq4 earnings of 37c eps and 2.44b revs -
lots of levels and thoughts to help you plan your trading morning spx fb amzn aapl
facebook posted impressive q4 growth . but without a reacceleration , that may struggle to support its valuation . fb
apple 2016 215 million iphones -7 % 139 billion -10 % still larger than revenue of all but of the fortune 500 ! aapl
costco traffic was up 4 % in january , led by a more than 5 % jump in the u.s : cost
vrx one hell of a beast : )
agn great example of my day count rule . day 1 was the buy . now its day 3 u book profits
fb gave a short and a mint around the 133- 133.50 pivot area
facebook earnings get near 1 billion tax windfall from accounting change . amazon , apple next ?
dollar and gold slowly reversing their post-election moves ... uup gld
it 's thursday ! that means it 's almost friday . celebrate by watching some stocks : fb mjn rb.l m amzn
citi has been in rally mode lately , climbing nearly 30 % higher in the last six months alone :
googl did a cute rdr around 812.25 . .20 risk after a pullback from 861++ . its 9 higher . needed to be a computer for that one
fb revenue 8.8b in q4 vs. est . 8.5b , up 50 % vs 4q15 added 265m maus , mobile ad rev = 84 % of total . good stuff
soothing-and remember a great ceo at xom
why a 50-70 % correction may be ahead for u.s. stocks : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
tesla , mobileye , autonation are parked near buy points , jobs report due : investing action plan
here 's how wall street investors , analysts felt about apple 's q1 earnings aapl
rt @reneritchie : appletalk podcast : @neilcybart @gartenberg and i go deep on aapl q1 2017 and beyond . great analysis !
appletalk podcast : @neilcybart @gartenberg and i go deep on aapl q1 2017 and beyond . great analysis !
anglogold stock jumps : 2016 profitability on tap emergingmarket commodities africa gold au gld @barronsonline
facebook is climbing after its blockbuster quarter fb
mu buyers been continuously sweeping calls as stock rises ; been the gift that keeps on giving @wallstjesus
wall street expects amazon to report earnings of 1.35 a share on revenue of 44.7 billion : amzn
stocks to watch : fb does it again , baby food maker mjn in buyout talks , m 's for sale ?
returns over the past 3 years ... facebook : +113 % twitter : -73 % fb twtr
facebook wants to increase time spent watching video outside news feed , and it 's willing to spend big to do it . fb
10 most promising jobs of 2017 , according to linkedin msft
rt @canuck2usa : amzn pre er run up in high gear
domino 's expands messenger ordering ahead of super bowl fb dpz
listening to @jclayfield discuss current outlook & amp ; views on facebook fb stock & amp ; microsoft political involvement on @foxbusiness business
facebook revenue growth up 51 % over the past year . just incredible for a company of its size ( 384 billion ) . fb
heavy call paper : teva , jwn & amp ; twtr . fb earnings , amzn reports amc @angiemiles
jim cramer : it 's a mistake to describe facebook as a one-trick pony fb
facebook beats expectations across the board with blowout fourth-quarter results fb
rt @seeitmarket : emerging markets continue to outperform the s & amp ; p 500 in 2017 . eem / spy ratio chart :
guidance matters during earnings season for spy qqq cos. for many firms , trump dominates earnings calls
costco 's colossal january comps keep it a top pick for 2017 cost
acacia communications upgraded , stock rebound coming ? acia amzn fb oclr lite
rt @freddiethekat : mobile ads fuel facebook 's earnings growth . fb @reutersbiz
ahead of amazon earnings , bill miller makes a blistering bull case amzn
breakingnews snap files for for their ipo and more on a potential twtr sale !
rt @rgstocktrader : @adamsinger i honestly feel twtr is a few tweaks away and a good ceo away from driving its potential .
snapchat parent snap files 3 billion ipo , has 158 million users snap fb twtr
rt @thestreet : should you cash out of the proven facebook growth story and pile into the yet unproven snap inc ? fb
amzn wasnt all that bad but having snap news come out *right now* surely helps .
nvda continues to `` do what it is supposed to do ''
@eeotob dis t fb googl aapl all have the 
rt @shonkori : amzn gpro made the short list during the @estimize podcast . fwiw amzn aapl also made the long @udalltechstrat
rt @clusterstock : domino 's expands messenger ordering ahead of super bowl fb dpz
wedbush s @michaelpachter commented on @facebook s strong revenue growth fb via @reuters
rt @jpmanga : amzn earnings : echo sales grew 9x year-over-year during the 2016 holiday season .
amzn earnings : echo sales grew 9x year-over-year during the 2016 holiday season .
for the 1st time on record , three 10bn+ ig bonds priced in a single week msft t aapl
apple skeptics , take note : iphone 7 , 7+ sales smashed records last quarter . aapl
rt @barronstechblog : symantec ceo clark : feel very good about our ability to grow the top line - tech trader daily - symc csco
apple just priced a 10bn 9-tranche bond , its 4th largest on record usd aapl
this was a great step-by-step video watch it closely fb twtr peeps !
rt @gigabarb : snap inc. will spend billions on google cloud over 5 years goog
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high at 23 stocks . insurance & amp ; tech lead the list today . xlf xlk
volatility swoon opens up options market opportunities via @reuters vix spx
snap 's goog cloud deal is a min of 400m/year -- that 's 2016/rev/year through 2021 just for that one line item .
amazon s cloud gains are its silver lining , says @jennifersaba amzn
oculus 500m suit just part of facebook 's growth investments fb
. @apple plans 13 billion bond sale to boost us cash pile . aapl apple bonds
amid threats of swamp draining , boom times loom for lobby-heavy stocks amzn fb ups txt intu via @motifinvesting
all over amzn , sne , snap . tech friday on street 10a-12p hk/sg . @cnbcoriel @cnbci
02/02/2017- today 's market forecast video can be viewed here discussed : investools spx rut cost mrk kr
10 ways to achieve the millionaire mindset success is all about mindset ! fb twtr
listening to twtr founder ev williams chatting about the number one lesson he learned ... control your board !
look out asia : mead johnson up 21 % on uk m & amp ; a @defotis mjn rbgly spy bmy
snap inc files for 3b ipo : you don t get a vote @tiernanray @barronstechblog fb twtr snapchat
that one day my students & amp ; i made 250,000 you could do it too ! fb twtr
gold producers may be ripe for m & amp ; a in 2017 gld abx gg aem iag ssri hl nem auy ego btg drldf cgoof cgq
gold closes at highest point since mid-november , silver falls gld gdx nugt dust slv
just in - apple will begin making some iphones in bangalore . the company recently opened a manufacturing facility i
fair enough , but name a technology that was supposed to grow to sky & amp ; was n't eventually displaced ? msft & amp ; csco we
been waiting for this for three days vrx monster push out of the gate ... add add add into
price to sales ratio fb : 15.3 nflx : 7.5 crm : 7.1 googl : 6.3 msft : 5.8 orcl : 4.4 csco : 3.2 aapl : 3.1 amzn : 3.1 intc : 2.9 ibm : 2.1
a little known part of amazon is growing fast and directly competes with google and facebook - amzn
5 great ways to donate & amp ; give back because it 's far better to give than receive fb twtr
the cloud is growing like crazy ! proud to have two innovators in our pnw backyard ! amzn msft
snap s stock awards have appreciated on avg just 30 % since granted . twtr 's = 75 % by its s-1 . fb 's = 450 % . snap
rt @2morrowknight : `` the history of hashtags '' ( infographic ) socialmedia twtr wcfgenevaweek infographics
facebook could invest 3 billion more in virtual reality over the next five to ten years : fb
if you did n't buy spy with rdr around 226.40 or when it made a higher low yesterday . take a little care buying this up open
about to hear whole foods ceo john mackey give a talk to group in dallas wfm will be tweeting
. @valaafshar this is why i do n't think people should sell facebook fb
amazon 's dip provides a buying opportunity : what wall street 's saying amzn
amzn `` trade idea 3 : buy the feb 3 expiry/mar 880 call calendar and sell february 3 expiry 815 put for free . '' roll put down and out
rt @timothysykes : an athlete 's guide to stock trading this is so incredibly motivating ! fb twtr
how do nxpi s product developments support iot adoption ? - nxpi ( long )
tech companies most exposed to trump 's immigration ban aapl amzn fb msft ibm jpm intc goog trumpban
how dominant is amazon ? via @yahoofinance - amzn
mackey wfm talking conscious capitalism . businesses have a higher pupose than making money .
our buy banks call pre the jobs accelerating report bac timestamped
solid spx earnings near 2/3 complete , remaining 1/3 retail heavy ; if any earnings disappointment retail could be
fb falls , mrk and pm rise on earnings releases
rt @mariahalkias : if people are n't having fun at work , leaders aren'tdoing their jobs , said mackey wfm
fantastic follow through on yesterday bac action ! our in chat alert filter is fkn handy for gauging performance !
commodity etf strategy as china tinkers , gold & amp ; metals sink emergingmarket vale glncy gdx gld @barronsonline
if you want to become a conscious leader you have to grow or die , follow your heart , mackey said wfm
@thebrandindex i did buy bac in the first hour
rt @madmoneyoncnbc : one of the best businesses of all-time ? do you agree with @jimcramer on fb ?
@lendinvestjamie @christianfaes high risk . but if snap keeps growing revenue and users at a fast clip , it could be worth as much as fb
sir martin sorrell says ad spends on fb and goog dwarf snap spend ... upside !
gold bugs laughing all the way to the bank with gld up almost 2 bucks from when these sweepers came in
i spy with my little eyes , another run for all time highs : @wallstjesus
bac iwm financials catching the bid this am . metals with the continuation .
tgif ! @philstockworld joins me @nasdaq fb live jobs trumptrade feye sbux amzn hog m & amp ; poker ! @voanews
amazon shares undervalued ; rising profitability key amzn
though snapchat 's demographic has broadened , @coolhunting prefers instagram b/c its audience is more engaged there .
fairly sizeable twtr block trade coming in , after yesterday 's crazy action : @wallstjesus
s & amp ; p 500 -- rising on negative divergences spx
spx stocks higher on massacre of liberal arts students .
apple is wall street darling again . talking aapl @tfeshow . 11:45 et . @wrko would n't be nice to say go falcons , huh ?
great spending time with our new colleagues at lifecell , very impress team ! agn @allergan boldforlife
rt @bi_retailnews : amazon accounts for 43 % of us online retail sales amzn
. @amazon accounts for 43 % of us online retail sales amzn
rt @businessinsider : amazon accounts for 43 % of us online retail sales amzn
amazon accounts for 43 % of us online retail sales amzn
. @amazon 's global workforce explosive growth : 2008 - 25,000 2011 - 50,000 2014 - 150,000 2016 - 341,400 amzn
the 10 most interesting , troubling and adorable things found in snap 's ipo filing fb googl twtr
rt @berkowitzbt : ordered airpods 6 weeks ago . delivered today . put them on ebay . sold them in 10 minutes for a 60 % markup . aapl
ordered airpods 6 weeks ago . delivered today . put them on ebay . sold them in 10 minutes for a 60 % markup . aapl
jpmorgan , charles schwab jump ahead of trump 's regulatory rollback : jpm schw blk tsla gm gs bac c ms etfc
bac non-stop . wait till you see the zoomed out view . financials poised to go higher .
the tech investor question of 2017 : is snapchat the next facebook or twitter ? everyone hoping the former , not the latter . snap fb twtr
automakers eye the finish line in sprint to rollout driverless vehicles aapl bidu f tsla mbly fcau gm tm
my daughter is a vampire squid shareholder ... likes their new millennial greed opportunity gs
aapl i know that long calls over 2-yrs with a stop loss took 29 % win to 61 % why do n't you know ? it 's your turn :
rt @aaronback : kbw nasdaq bank index up 2 % as markets await trump executive orders . gs up 4 % , ms up 5 %
comparing real vs questionable traders you 've got to know the difference fb twtr
he could be , yes cmg sbux 
and the kick is good ! spy spx
.. @renesgarcia hi rene , check out our estimate for wfm before wednesday s earnings report !
rt @capcube : poll : amzn high price for 2017 :
@behindthadeuce @justinpulitzer yeah . bears had the bull and could break spx 2268 a few times and then handed it back above 2285
@optionshawk hey joe ! check out our estimate for wfm before wed s earnings report !
@puru__saxena @thebrandindex maybe our estimate will help you out ! check out our estimate for wfm !
looks good . i 'm in bac and will add it resolves the range higher next week
most active options : pfe share buyback , amzn sales growth disappoints , fb , aapl , bac dodd-frank
65 % of spx companies are beating eps estimates for q4 to date , below the 5-year average ( 67 % ) .
cisco expeced to hike dividend 8-10 % as soon as next week csco via @barronsonline
52 % of spx companies are beating sales estimates for q4 to date , below the 5-year average ( 53 % ) .
love me some c citibank @terrellowens
rt @timothysykes : 8 lessons from my latest 600,000+ profit student check out these key rules fb twtr
8 lessons from my latest 600,000+ profit student check out these key rules fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : check out these successful students- proof that you can do anything you set your mind to fb twtr
rt @dtellom : couple of months later : googl 820.13 amzn 810.20 aapl 903.35 ( pre-split )
. @amazon soars to over 341k employees , adding 110k+ people in a single year - best indicator of amzn 's performance
rt @cnbcfastmoney : ' @guyadami is betting on fang stock googl , and is the only trader who thinks the falcons will take sunday 's big game ht
@guyadami is betting on fang stock googl , and is the only trader who thinks the falcons will take sunday 's big ga
rt @bvz_investools : be sure to check out tonight 's marketforecast video . jobs , jobs , jobs ! sectorrotation spx es spy ing xlf qqq ht
rt @bvz_investools : spx highs drop to 60 . xlk earns top slot for 1st time in 3 mon . xlv perking up . a aapl idxx yolowolf 52weekhigh
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high hits 35 stocks . tech & amp ; financials lead the list . xlf xlk
the path won t be straight , but gold s bullish trajectory is set gld xme
jumbo deals were active this week w/ 3 10bn+ bonds , an 18bn m & amp ; a bid , a 1.5bn ipo and snap 's 3bn ipo filing msft t aapl invh snap
5 weekend habits of successful entrepreneurs it might be time to rethink your weekend plans fb twtr
rt @realronaldc : snap vs fb and twtr when they went public : better growth , but higher losses and lower arpu ipo snap fb twtr
rt @valaafshar : . @amazon 's global workforce explosive growth : 2008 - 25,000 2011 - 50,000 2014 - 150,000 2016 - 341,400 amzn
scrapping dodd frank is huge for the economy // business has been bogged down by this muddled , confused law gs
apple 's cash - had a nice chat with peter @armstrongcbc on @cbcnews about aapl and it 's quarter trillion of cash
rt @timothysykes : 5 weekend habits of successful entrepreneurs it might be time to rethink your weekend plans fb 
. @twitter is taking on the issue of combating harassment with `` a sense of urgency '' twtr via @cnntech
how the `` era of apple '' can come roaring back apple aapl
rt @thestreet : amazon accounted for an astounding 53 % of all u.s. e-commerce sales growth in 2016 : amzn
cord-cutting is very real , people cc : @alfredspellman cordcutters hollywood netflix nflx cmcsa
nvidia , disney , grubhub , gm , defense giants lead investing action plan nvda dis grub gm
returns since the tesla ipo in june 2010 ... tsla : +1,379 % f : +47 % gm : +25 %
rt @ivanhoff : despite its super-high valuation , snap will be a hot short-term trading vehicle . even twtr doubled in its 1st quarter befor
facebook is thinking about ways to stop annoying photo-tag spam fb
rt @dostisrobert : mass . just gave a big opening to solar + storage @themotleyfool stocks tsla , spwr , vslr
yes , the vxx has done this for 10 straight years , and it 's a huge win
rt @timothysykes : 8 ways for you to survive & amp ; profit from a crash preparation is key fb twtr
rt @stockstotrade : learn how our lead advisor @timothysykes plans to use stt to battle the rise of ai ! fb twtr
microsoft , at & amp ; t & amp ; apple priced bonds this week , the most active week for 10bn+ ig bonds on record
@biosimilarz this works equally well for mnkd srpt gnft or any other annoying biotech stock with a large delusional retail following
8 ways for you to survive & amp ; profit from a crash preparation is key fb twtr
i think sbux will fix these problems . cmg addressed them on its own call . if sbux does n't fix them , though , stoc
rt @jralexanderiii : apple earned 10,000.00 per second last quarter aapl
5 things about millionaires that you probably did n't know but you should fb twtr
rt @hedgeye : consumers do an average of 35 transactions every second on everyone is losing to amzn .
rt @hedgeye : amazon 's sales = 27.6 % of us retail sales ( ex-auto food & amp ; gas ) 49 % of us households have prime vs 29 % 3 yr ago amzn
is facebook undervalued fb
@johnlaprise @pdacosta investors betting big on it . look at the flow into spy & amp ; lowest cash position in years since election .
definitely read my free book at and dig through my free this weekend fb twtr
possible new high targets seen in the open interest - new post . spy spx iwm qqq
apple in india : will 2q iphone assembly happen ? aapl budget @namoapp @barronsasia @barronstechblog @barronsonline
yes , this is the cause of much angst at the third place . sbux . i hate the line jumpers . give them their own line a
rt @saschoenfeld : important essay by @pdacosta on a risk that markets may not be pricing in ... spy dia shy gld fez ewj
rt @timothysykes : 6 homes that will inspire you study hard and dream big ... always fb twtr
rt @gigabarb : in virtual personal assistants , amzn . goog , aapl , msft all have their `` own particular set of skills '' next
do you know how long does it take to be consistently profitable ? perserverance is key fb twtr
icymi : snap inc. will spend billions on google cloud goog
rt @timothysykes : do you know how long does it take to be consistently profitable ? perserverance is key fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : reviewing my 2016 performance see why it was truly been my best year yet fb twtr
alibaba , netease , jd are all near buy points as the year of the rooster starts baba ntes
the last two times the unemployment rate was this low ? 2008 and 2000. this chart : spy iwm vix
people ask me if this is real lol yes , everything i do is real , that 's the beauty of my biz fb twtr
( 7/n ) 7 ) amzn earnings are growing but ... get pro :
( 6/n ) 6 ) amzn the aws business is booming get pro :
( 3/n ) 3 ) amzn revenue in context : second largest of any tech company ( aapl ) get pro :
( 2/n ) cml pro members we just sent : '' is now the time to add amazon ? '' 2 ) amzn revenue get pro :
spy spx selling condors in s & amp ; p 500 has been a huge winner again , via the back-tester :
spy spx dyk that selling _call_ spreads in spy has been a huge winner i found this using the back-tester :
rt @timothysykes : people ask me if this is real lol yes , everything i do is real , that 's the beauty of my biz fb 
here 's how wall street investors , analysts felt about amazon 's q4 earnings amzn
rt @timothysykes : guess what ? wall street does n't want you to know this but shhh i had to share fb twtr
walmart just admitted amazon prime ca n't be replicated - amzn wmt
here 's a reason for the aapl beat : @apple s services business is exploding
rt @timothysykes : this is a great great video i hope you 've seen it by now , it will enlighten you tremendously fb
this is a great great video i hope you 've seen it by now , it will enlighten you tremendously fb twtr
yahoo japan soars 14 % on ad sales rebound via @barronsasia yhoo
rt @kopintan : the risks to the crowded `` strong dollar '' consensus via @barronsonline usd gld dollar
rt @paulgelb : wow . only on twtr superbowl
analysts are likely to continue upping their estimates of apple s eps aapl
rt @seeitmarket : [ new ] weekend reading : `` bulls riding a sugar high '' -- & gt ; feat . @_seandavid @michaellebowitz spy 
ladygaga absolutely wowed in the superbowlhalftime show , here 's how @intel helped . intc
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` gold to silver ratio at critical juncture historically '' - by @kimblecharting gld slv
spx futs up 1 after last weeks gut check 4 the bulls . 2268ish held . accelerated trend stayed intact . upper support 2287. resistance 2300
intel powered the 300 drones during super bowl halftime intc
rt @biuk_tech : apple , facebook , snapchat , and twitter have legally opposed trump 's travel ban fb snap nflx
america might plug into tesla sooner than expected via @barronsnext tsla
rt @charliebilello : s & amp ; p 500 : at 35 days , this is now the longest streak in history w/o a 1 % intraday move ( high to low as % ) . spx
s & amp ; p 500 : at 35 days , this is now the longest streak in history w/o a 1 % intraday move ( high to low as % ) . spx
today s stocks winners : nvda , has , cog
most active options : amzn boston hiring binge , bac & amp ; amd outlook , fb , aapl china market share @marleykayden
rt @thestreet : as facebook pushes its overseas revenues per user , its profitability should scale meaningfully : fb
rt @billda : this is a stunner - 55 % of shoppers now start at amazon to discover products , up from 44 % one year ago . amzn is coming for go
remember , if you ever need a stock quote on twitter just tweet : @cmlviz quote ticker & lt ; -- choose your ticker
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high at 21 stocks . tech & amp ; financials still lead the list . xlf xlk
rt @tischendorf : shop with bullish price action . the path of least resistance is up . amzn
ibmers around the world are joining this campaign to @ibm ibm
rt @cvpayne : breaking news elon musk joins silicon valley friends tsla & amp ; space x join legal brief oppositon president trump travel eo
big 5 earnings season : aapl : beat amzn : mixed ( miss on rev ) msft : beat goog : mixed ( miss on profit ) fb : beat good ol ' gaamf earnings .
rt @danlipp1337 : gale in @2.22 out @2.35 w/ 2000. that 's 3 green day 's in a row . now off to work . @timothysykes @arickrussell1
is aapl the only company securing their devices and not selling out their customers ?
r & amp ; d is how tech firms avoid the scrap heap . but intel 's discovering you can spend too much on a good thing . intc
rt @anindakumars : @starbucks sbux @tmfstockadvisor @davidgfool - thank you howardschultz what a brand you have created . love it .
rt @stockstotrade : all of your studying , planning , and hard work will pay off in the end ! profitabletraders planahead traderwisdom fb 
this makes the fb whatsapp deal for 10 % of its market cap all the more stunning .
as alibaba seeks hollywood growth , 20 % upside ? @defotis baba china
why trump trades are fading : goldman , clsa s views via @barronsasia spy eem
this pattern has worked well in 2017 see how i made 1,000+ pretty quickly fb twtr
tesla continues to defy skeptics . my houghts from @foxbusiness tsla
with india deal , bbry looks to build its comeback momentum
rt @sam_l_shead : google is reportedly providing funding to fight trump 's immigration ban goog
is the worst over for twitter or is this just a dead bird bounce ? twtr up 2 % premarket . up 10 % ytd . earnings on thursday . need to be good .
aapl continues to pick up wiseguy activity and pros wait for retail gld traps . g'mornin ! live w/ @wallstjesus
rt @barronstechblog : fli charge : elegant solution to clutter without waiting for wireless power - tech trader daily - fh watt aapl
fun fact , goldman 's lloyd blankfein says salt lake city headcount has risen 80 % in past 5 years ; now the 4th largest location globally gs
gm earnings , sales top estimates as tesla competition seen growing gm tsla
rt @cheddar : . @periscope 's kayvon beykpour now reportedly leads twtr 's live video products . he spoke with us about enabling creators . che
1,200 tuesday - trading in wonderland oil uso ung spy holdthefloor devos futures --
. @twitter announced a new set of features to combat hateful and abusive content twtr
rt @ritholtzwealth : today in market history , 1997 : apple finalizes 400 million deal to bring steve jobs back . total return for aapl u
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet tsn amzn
nflx starting to come out of its earnings consolidaton . has a chance to get a nice mover next couple weeks
aapl holding steady after days of flurries . wiseguys are littered across madd expiries .
nflx i 'm in but no power yet
rt @vicrek : nflx is `` setting up in a pennant ( see weekly chart above ) and is looking to break out again , says @michaelglamothe
nxp announces completion of standard products business divestiture - nxpi
amazon s payment arm is stepping up the challenge to paypal , apple - amzn
rt @cerebrus7 : keep an eye on baba , maybe not today , maybe not tomorrow , etc.. philanthropy investing investor investinskills stocks
tradebird users say aapl , fb and amzn shares can trade even higher
this is great : twtr spikes not on takeover speculation but on new anti troll rules , which if successful will lead to a takeover ( finally )
apple stock soars . broad nasdaq to all-time highs . confidence spreads . aapl qqq
this might be the best time to buy caterpillar cat
stocks moving higher . lots of earnings news today . chips continue to move higher led by nvda and amd . amazing moves in this sector .
this could be the greatest all around car ever made . congrats @elonmusk and tesla . ca n't wait for the model 3 ! tsla
upcoming earnings : dis , gild , mdlz , twlo , agn , hum , clf , cvs , ko , twtr , atvi , nvda , yelp powered by
bac nice fade lower highs and red hits now
flow pretty concentrated on specific tech names this am . aapl feye ferts seeing some nibbling on the call side also . pot
gild reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.07 eps and +34.52m revs compared to ws
markets waking up to more earnings after lackluster , low-volume monday bhi dis gm spy
apple continues to be in full rally mode . good to see it getting a more respectable pe . aapl
amazon investors trust their management like no other company amzn
google and facebook combat fake news in france fb goog
nice look here kim . be long vs. 100 and add with a close above 101.75ish baba
apple 's about 50 cents from an all-time high aapl
. @facebook has become a wall street stud fb
gs ' sharon bell discusses the impact of currency moves & amp ; political risk on european equities on @bloombergtv today
rt @fiercepharma : value investors pile into gilead expecting strong long-term growth : report gild
like most physical items , financial assets appreciate over time with inflation . monthly chart of spx and us cpi :
rt @bespokeinvest : apple 's aapl all-time closing high is 133 hit on 2/23/15 . almost two years later it 's now just 1 away .
the hottest s & amp ; p 500 stock of 2016 continues to sizzle . nvidia . chipmaker up 3 % today & amp ; 13 % ytd . new all-time high for nvda .
a nvidia q4 earnings preview : upside should come from eps growth nvda
@elonmusk @mikhail507 show some love for the guy who compared you to tom brady on fox yesterday . tesla tsla
progress . freedom of speech is great but being an asshole is not . twitter is way better without 'em twtr
the real super bowl winner ? netflix via @barronsnext nflx
. @jimcramer says nvidia investors need to hope for the blowout of all blowouts in its results :
the super bowl 's real winner : tech companies amzn gddy goog wix superbowl
despite push , pull of trump policies nasdaq dowjones at fresh highs with aapl pull tech index up
more all-time highs across many industries : has pnc hon avgo cboe de nsc all mar dpz
rt @maxjacobsedison : medicaid is paying 30k to cure someone of hcv . seems like a great deal ! gild
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high doubles to 42 stocks . tech , financials , industrials & amp ; consdiscr lead . xlf xlk xly xli
buffalo wild wings says world series between cleveland and the chicago cubs had a `` positive influence on sales . '' bwld
clarified w gild , here is what john milligan said about net harvoni price . 1 bottle=1 month . so 12 wks nets 45k ,
online ordering now 19 % of bwld takeout orders . up from 12 % year ago .
rt @adamfeuerstein : gild - rbc yeezus says npv floor on dcf basis is 60-65 per share . 7-8x pe suggests 60/share range possible .
though i 'd disagree cloud itself creates higher cogs for snap - it 's very close w/ fb cogs ( internal infra ) in q4
gild genvoya doing really well , which should bode well for bictegravir . except , genvoya sales will likely drop when bic+taf launches .
parsley energy pays 2.8 billion in yet another permian deal , updates guidance pe nbl
intc turning an 8 % loss into a 105 % gain . `` a window into the world of successful option t
. @facebook has become a wall street stud fb
seven group soars 12 % : play on another mining boom , says goldman via @barronsasia svw cat
top stocks to watch now : michael kors kors general motors gm fitbit inc. fit
apple : 10,000 invested at its ipo in 1980 was worth & lt ; 10,000 at the end of 1997. today : over 3 million . aapl
rt @timothysykes : 30 basic rules that made me six figures in just 1 week education is crucial to your success fb
rt @ophirgottlieb : aapl how to win with options in apple and become the expert in the room
on tv and the moves aapl is making at the vp level :
rt @charliebilello : apple : 10,000 invested at its ipo in 1980 was worth & lt ; 10,000 at the end of 1997. today : over 3 million . aapl
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` trader radar : 5 global charts for active investors '' by @callum_thomas gld jjc tnx
buoyed by mitsubishi , renault-nissan to claim global ev top spot . tsla dwarfed
breaking us smartphone sales share googl aapl android iphone
just in : apple gains os market share on google in key markets aapl googl iphone samsung
gm , netflix , gold and healthcare : @cnbcfastmoney picks for february 8 gdx gm nflx xlv
twitter momentum to continue ? twtr up 3 % premarket . earnings tomorrow . @richbtig upgraded to buy , citing @realdonaldtrump @potus effect .
the trump diet : chicken , diet coke and big macs served on a silver platter dpz k ko yum mcd pep mdlz
jim cramer shares his thoughts on nike and autozone amzn azo nke
time for a takeover , and botox boosts allergan 's appearance - today 's stocks to watch : time agn
however you slice it , snapchat will be a big chunk of google cloud goog business
rt @kantar : just in : apple gains os market share on google in key markets aapl googl iphone samsung
rt @kantar : breaking us smartphone sales share googl aapl android iphone
after the biggest stock move of 2016 , nvidia has a lot to live up to in its earnings report ( and forecast ) .
patent troll legal risks spread to cloud customers msft
martin shkreli : i would buy gilead sciences stock gild
rt @ibd_elow : twitter lands buy rating , thanks to trump ; broadcom , microchip upgraded twtr avgo ups mchp gild
recycling iphones could work for india : @tculpan via @bfly aapl
spy pushed below and then reclaimed 228.48 pivot in the first 45 minutes
nvidia earnings : can the hottest stock of 2016 pull off another incredible year ? nvda
youtube ups its live-streaming game goog
youtube ups its live-streaming game goog by @biintelligence
rt @compoundcap : home improvement spending change . again amzn taking share .
discount shares continue expansion , primed to profit like it 's 2009 amzn cost wmt dg tgt via @motifinvesting
rt @kantar : twitter showed , again , that it shines during live events , with 10.2 million tweets during superbowl from the u.s. alone twtr
twitter showed , again , that it shines during live events , with 10.2 million tweets during superbowl from the u.s .
rt @businessinsider : youtube ups its live-streaming game goog
there 's tremendous interest in @realdonaldtrump s tweets , @richbtig says , generating significant engagement on
amzn trying to fill some of earnings gap . googl 826 yesterday & amp ; 831ish today . some micro things to do .
fb reclaimed 133 . pretty impressive - see if it holds it
want a trading internship in la ? contact me through gild twlo dis twtr chk akam opk
i 'm biased of course . but twtr stock should be up more today for one simple reason . the comedic gold that is tapperdirtfile . @jaketapper
tsla some strenght this morning.. think we might get a run
wedbush stays bullish on discount retail , prefers burlington stores amzn burl rost tjx
disney & amp ; facebook moving higher . money moving into safer havens like bonds and gold as we all realize trump might get nothing done . dis fb
fb action picking up again after a short lull in the tape :
wfm reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.01 eps and +3.32m revs compared to ws
@jstbiotech gale too chat room pump special . they all just gamble with each other essentially . i always wonder what the companies think .
paypal adds p2p bot for slack pypl
paypal adds p2p bot for slack pypl by @biintelligence
apple , google and samsung overcome the naysayers aapl googl iphone googlepixel
if dividends are appealing , dividends with lots of room to grow are doubly so . unp gild jpm
apple hires amazon executive to run struggling apple tv hardware division - aapl
nasdaq prints another all-time high as growth expectations accelerate . qqq
gs wins us bond house and us structured equity house at ifr americas awards cc @ifrtweets
stx been stalking this one for a few days . almost ready for a breakout
apple shares are closing in on a record high via @wsjmoneybeat aapl
apple shares are closing in on a record high via @wsjmoneybeat aapl
rt @faubel : the most cash that apple , inc. has ever had @themotleyfool stocks aapl
current streak without spx 1 % drop = 81 days . longest since 2006. boring times in stockland , usa .
rt @erikholmwsj : apple shares are closing in on a record high aapl
apple shares are closing in on a record high aapl
plenty of women watched superbowl and joined in to live-tweet the action twtr
rt @chrisdieterich : trump : twitter : : fdr : radio = buy twtr ?
nvidia s stock can beat the broader market for years to come - will ( long ) nvda
trump : twitter : : fdr : radio = buy twtr ?
rt @srussolillo : trump is to twitter what fdr was to radio : @realdonaldtrump thrusts twtr `` into the global zeitgeist ''
trump is to twitter what fdr was to radio : @realdonaldtrump thrusts twtr `` into the global zeitgeist '' @wsjmoneybeat
. @stephenlweiss buys apple ! aapl
nasdaq100 notches new record , with mchp adbe avgo mar at all-time highs and cost khc within 1 of their reco
nflx now green after absorbing some of yesterday 's move
`` let your first sale be your worst sale . '' - someone , ms options desk 1991
fb follow through accelerating with gusto , spy be damned ! momo
the most popular brand on facebook next to , well , facebook , is ... fb goog pep sbux msft sne nke ko
tesla higher after @elonmusk tweets about entering india market tsla
tsla the beautiful option strategy that turned a gigantic winner
aapl you can be a better trader -- i 'm sure of it
rt @halftimereport : . @richbtig upgrades twtr to buy saying @realdonaldtrump gives twitter a second chance agree or disagree ?
nflx breaks out above pivot points see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
tesla is less than 3 % away from its 52-week highs . it 's also up 22 % this year : tsla
chart encapsulates it all , masterful morning dip buy from smart money in fb :
intc options -- be smarter and turn an 8 % loss into a 105 % gain
estimize eps consensus for next 4 quarters nvda is 15 % above the street right now , whoa
here are today s top 5 etf volume leaders : jnug , xlf , nugt , spy , eem etfs listings
. @jimcramer says facebook 's mark zuckerberg just 'gets it ' fb
rt @hagaton : i like this . good job @netflix nflx
aapl * you 're going to say it is n't possible -- to resist it . * and then you wo n't ... and then you 'll win . a lot .
rt @mattmhunter : some intc news .
rt @thestreet : . @jimcramer says facebook 's mark zuckerberg just 'gets it ' fb
gilead 's pain , incyte 's gain ? gild incy
tsla breakout
see how i made 2,000+ before 9:30am the other day this pattern repeats often fb twtr
`` people are anticipating something special , something really special for the 10-year anniversary '' aapl
momo breaks out , leads chinese internet stocks : momo ntes wb baba jd
history behind intc 's fab 42 plant straddles both sides of the aisle ( h/t @sullycnbc ) . from 2011 :
fb if you trade facebook calls , here 's your path to max profit
apple gets price-target hike on 'superlong ' iphone 8 cycle : aapl
as nflx starts to merchandise its ip , neil doshi sees it becoming a `` global media powerhouse . '' ( via @powerlunch )
rt @wrigleytom : twtr 40m after close ... back to 18.50/.60 level iv is ~9.5 % off er thurs am should make for good intraday trades on both
sanofi , regeneron win a crucial stay of execution on praluent regn sny amgn
aapl crushing it with long calls in apple
fb how to win , exactly , with options in facebook
tesla s electric cars could be cruising down india 's streets this summer , elon musk says tsla
waze carpool service just got bigger goog
well done analyst_1067454 beating 89 other analysts and the wall street consensus to take the win for wfm -
why tesla is going up . tsla batteries solar electric autonomousvehicles @cnbcfastmoney @timseymour
@dsobek @jam1maj @sheffstation gild bictegravir data on monday , feb. 13 at 6:45 pm et .
i think twitter probably has better engagement and growth numbers because of trump . this has to be helping them twtr
. @apple has a firm grip on wireless headphones in the us aapl
gs ' chief equity strategist david kostin on the market outlook and if corporate tax reform will affect top stocks
updated : sanofi , regeneron win a crucial stay of execution on praluent ( amgen fires back ) amgn regn sny
now 85 days without a 1 % or greater drop from the spx . still 9 days shy of the record in 2006
.. @apple needs to find direction with apple tv and hopefully they get that now . clip from @cnbcclosingbell aapl
rt @tandreacci : twtr earnings out in the morning . @jack makes a push to turn a profit in 2017 . @technology @scarl
allergan says u.s. tax reform unlikely in 2017 , sees strong year agn
tesla , with its stock breaking out wed. , reportedly aims to start model 3 test production on feb. 20
will twitter 's chirp resonate with investors ? a q4 earnings preview twtr
mgm earnings : 36 % upside on vegas & amp ; macau , jpm says @defotis mgm lvs mpel
20 tips for you to find success in the stock market i want you to be successful fb twtr
intc how 'boring ' intel became one of the best low risk option trading vehicles in the market
2 great trading challenge webinars posted for free - so enjoy these important lessons fb twtr
facebook should n't be scared of snapchat fb twtr
more on fb 's broader video efforts , like courting made for facebook shows , here .
netflix did it again today . it traded at super fresh all-time highs . its market cap is now 63.64 billion . nflx
mobile ads account for 84 % of @facebook 's advertising revenue and 82 % of total revenue . fb
growth in solar is great until the moment it is n't . @themotleyfool stocks tsla , spwr , vslr , run
tsla to stop model s production , allegedly the prepare for model 3 via @reuters
rt @bertelschmitt : exclusive : tsla aims to start pilot production of model 3 cars on february 20 - sources via @r
vix vxx the option trade in vxx that has won for 8 straight years
one stat that had me double take : twitter 's stock is 4 pts higher than at this point a year ago twtr
rt @timothysykes : 2 great trading challenge webinars posted for free - so enjoy these important lessons fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : 20 tips for you to find success in the stock market i want you to be successful fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : 3 key books you should read asap to stay on top of your trading game reading is fundamental fb 
aapl cautious , risk averse , steady apple options trading has meant 180 % in a year . this is how
whole foods got 12.9m tax credit for cleaning toxic site next to gowanus canal where it built brooklyn store :
watch twitter results for a 'trump bump ' ( subscribers ) twtr
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : twitter q4 eps 0.16 adj . vs. 0.12 est . ; q4 revs . 717m vs. 740.1m est . twtr
breaking : twitter inc. twtr q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) beats estimates , 0.16 vs. 0.12 expected
how to play aapl and rack up consistent market-crushing gains
twtr earnings in around 1 minute . analysts expecting revenue of 740m and eps of 0.12
congrats to all that purchased my 2017 report as tsla was a big focus . 270+ was target . it is here . happened early
this morning 's winner for regn is @tjkyner who beats 46 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
spy did a rdr and reclaimed 228.46 to close well after three digestion sessions . now we see if it can get above & amp ; stay above 229.71
spx futures +5 after three sessions of digesting last friday 's gains & amp ; holding 2285ish . now we see if it can get & amp ; stay above 2297 , 2300+
rt @mnkahn : where to find technology growth stocks now via @barronsonline zen hpq amzn pse xlk
good morning . mostly green arrows around the world . europe higher , the dax+.87 % cac+.9 % in asia the shanghai+.53 % hk+.17 % spx futs+6
twitter reported dau growth reaches double digits up 11 % ; global user engagement with the platform accelerating
rt @estimize : great work by analyst_8265394 who takes the win for twtr beating 312 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
twtr revs are flat and user growth just 2m . not a growth co or value stock . that means short sellers winning big :
. @jack wants to make twitter as easy as looking out the window to see what s going on twtr
yum and dnkn working toward all-time highs on earnings this am , taking the sting out of twtr for me .
returns since january 2009 ... domino 's pizza : +4,359 % s & amp ; p 500 : +200 % dpz spy nationalpizzaday
. @anthonynoto said trump is positive for twitter , although no one person or event will drive massive impressions growth alone twtr
noto on trump effect question : `` ca n't quantify any impact at this point '' twtr
noto said when trump `` tweets it sparks discussion , '' and having world leaders on twitter is `` good '' for twitter twtr
the president s use of twitter has broadened awareness of how the platform can be used - anthony noto , twtr coo . but ...
rt @brettmolina23 : . @jack says twitter investing a lot in ai , machine learning to help users find what s breaking in real time . twtr
. @fedex 's new service takes aim at @amazon fdx amzn
biotech voices : allergan ceo saunders isn t slowing down on a brisk pace of biotech dealmaking agn
twtr `` trade idea 3 : buy feb 10 expiry/mar 20 call calendar & amp ; sell feb ( monthly ) 17 put for free . '' watch 17 for next week , btc if necessary
spy - frid expiration . lots more puts added at strikes under 229 so decent put support . 230 call resistance , but i
twitter earnings may enjoy a `` trump bump '' twtr
damn that 's a fast roll out of gld names and looks like rotating right into banks bac jpm gs
twitter 's monthly active user growth in 2016 q1 - 310 million q2 - 313 million q3 - 317 mln q4 - 319 mln twtr :
s & amp ; p 500 spy passes 2,300 to new intraday record . president trump says will have announcement on tax reform in a few weeks .
give yelp a bullish review in 2017 , deutsche bank says yelp
that said , monthly active users and engagement up again for twitter . one reason why : the algorithm . twtr
baird is a buyer of tesla ahead of earnings scty tsla
top of the hour sees bullish sweepers rotate into financials and indexes bac spy with some tiny metals dip buys
nvda reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.06 eps and +27.39m revs compared to ws
some thursday trending tickers for you to keep an eye on : ko twtr ci wfm
twitter is back . dau growth - a leading indicator of revenue growth - has accelerated from 3 % in q2 to 5 % in q3 t
machine learning should stimulate a further acceleration in twtr daus .
anyone have good reason why whole foods now up 3 % after latest weak results ? activist chatter for wfm ? hopes that worst finally soon over ?
trump meets airlines , vows regulatory cuts ; tax plan in a few weeks dal luv jblu ual
rt @timothysykes : definitely bookmark and watch and to find the best stocks quicker fb tw
nasdaq , s & amp ; p 500 , dow hit record highs : tesla , nike , paycom rally ; twitter , coke fall tsla
just trimmed some spy . nice rdr yesterday at 228.46 then cleared 229.71 pivot to add . now u trim 230.50 plus . now i have small left
rt @richbtig : twitter reported dau growth reaches double digits up 11 % ; global user engagement with the platform accelerating twtr
regeneron gets 'encouraging ' judicial decision , could still lose appeal amgn regn sny
rt @lamonicabuzz : all-time highs across the board today . luv nflx pru cost hon mar has adbe pnra dpz qsr cag wen . + pcln . don
all-time highs across the board today . luv nflx pru cost hon mar has adbe pnra dpz qsr cag wen . + pcln . do n't short the shat !
@abramona great growth cos always look expensive ... when was last time amzn was n't expensive ? when was last time was n't good time to buy ?
amazon has expanded beyond core e-commerce biz . so why not buy an actual brick-and-mortar retailer ? my take . amzn
even the flurry of tweets by @realdonaldtrump could n't make twitter great again . rough day for twtr
tsla breaks out above pivot points see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
stay of court injunction a mild positive for regeneron amgn regn sny
new all-time high today for the s & amp ; p 500. from the lows in march 2009 it has quadrupled ( total return ) . spy
fb new highs , and based on @estimize consensus data on @chartiq visual earnings , so much more to go
the january effect : a relief for asset managers ; invesco wins ivz ab apam lm qqq
two companies with names/tickers beginning with letters tw trending on stocktwits . but could the outlook for twtr & amp ; twlo be any different ?
want to know how i do it ? this is how i find the hottest penny stocks every single day fb twtr
stocks higher as energy sector leads ; twitter and coca-cola tumble twtr , ko
here is how to profit as intc announces ambitious factory plans
rt @howardlindzon : twitter is the best niche digital product of all time . one day it will run that way . twtr
rt @zerofiltertruth : `` if users & amp ; engagement continue to move in the right direction the odds twtr remains a public co are low '' @richbtig @
rt @kchaykowski : noto : live-streaming nfl deal , which cost twitter 10m , `` exceeded expectations on revenue and profitability '' twtr
about 99 % of all personal computers contain intel 's products : intc
s & amp ; p 500 future -- upper trendline tag ... .yawn spx
remember when amd was 1.85 per share ? i do ... it was just about 1 year ago ... last trade ? 13.70 and you thought nv
`` greenfield : need to buy twitter on this weakness '' - thnx for having me back @scottwapnercnbc @halftimereport twtr
tesla stock not far from all-time high . red hot this year . is @elonmusk relationship with @potus the reason ? tsla
tsla winning with options in tesla
rt @miriamgottfried : twitter has realized it ca n't be a growth company . but without revenue growth , it ca n't be profitable either . twtr ht
netflix going into consumer products reinforces image of a fast evolving media company : nflx dis should know .
notably the twtr price reset just brings it back to its jan price levels .
baird is a buyer of tesla ahead of its earnings scty tsla
why is musk meeting w/ trump ? to quote burr in @hamiltonmusical , he wants to be in the room where it happens . tsla
rt @barronstechblog : cypress surges 9 % : we will win where we focus , says ceo el-khoury - tech trader daily - barron 's cy nxpi qcom htt
i 've been asked , so here 's my 0.02 on twitter today . do n't worry , it 's short & amp ; sweet : twtr
nq nasdaq-100 hits a new high and intc breaks the 50 .
stocks breaking out to new highs . s & amp ; p500 over 2300. more bullishness from good earnings and economic data . nice moves in tsla nke cwh
intel , trump tout billion-dollar chip plant that will create thousands of jobs intc
rt @miriamgottfried : trump , twitter and well-behaved companies -- this week 's heard podcast @srussolillo @kenbrown12 twtr
rt @jowens510 : twitter : `` we 've solved our user growth problem ! '' @hustonca : twtr
whole foods comps would be positive if they spent share buyback money on groceries . wfm
twitter : `` we 've solved our user growth problem ! '' @hustonca : twtr
facebook tests machine learning to detect ads that discriminate by race fb
astounding if you *exclude * apple earnings from tech earnings it would be 15 % higher instead of 11.5 % higher aapl used to be tech earnings
@lostonwallst_ that would have been so smart . look at bai . they 've made a fortune ! twitter should have had a superbowl ad . twtr
so snap , which is maxing out youth cohort & amp ; practically unusable to olds , receives 20bn val at ipo while twtr market cap stuck at 12b
rt @corytv : while @twitter tumbles , insiders continue to collect piles of twtr shares . a discussion of its trumpian woes :
while @twitter tumbles , insiders continue to collect piles of twtr shares . a discussion of its trumpian woes :
amazon might be buying a big retailer . here 's why : amzn
8 important habits you need to take up if you really want to be a millionaire read sooner than later fb twtr
top stocks per exchange : bzx = xlf , byx = xlf , edgx = twtr , edga = xlf makingmarketsbetter
this will be the biggest ipo in potstocks & amp ; a for those that get in ! tgod email placement @tgod.ca emc ogi fb
nvidia nvda earnings preview : est : eps 0.83 on sales 2.11b traded positively 7 of last 8 rpts options pricing in +/- 7.5 % move post rpt
amazon plans robotic supermarket staffed by 3 ; chinese factory eliminate 90 % of humans , defects drop 80 % :
and it 's not just nvidia that 's interesting : @philipvandoorn lays out case for investing in the chip sector . nvda
michael brush believes nvidia will not only justify higher price , but continue to beat the market for years . nvda
with huge 2016 stock bump , nvidia earnings today will also be huge , showing off astounding yearly numbers . nvda
super bowl drones : intel uses 300 quadcopters for halftime light show with lady gaga : intc
newest member of tech elite is not a new name : nvidia . nvda more than tripled market cap last year , now worth more than nflx , crm & amp ; tsla
lot of notable earnings coming up soon after the close . nwsa yelp p atvi expe wu znga skx rgc
can nvidia keep its amazing hot streak going ? earnings from nvda , last year 's top s & amp ; p 500 stock , due out after the bell .
stocks still holding solid gains with around 20 mins to the close on wall st. djia +0.6 % , helped by a 1.6 % bounce in gs .
in related news - `` bank of america testing completely automated branches '' : bac
this afternoon 's winner for znga is @bjen07921 who beats 74 other analysts and the wall street consensus -
if any stock is worth a 400 % gain , its a company with a proven sustainable business that suddenly finds a huge new growth category . nvda
rt @patrickmoorhead : nvidia up in all businesses except oem/ip . datacenter and auto growth is staggeringly high . nvda
nvidia up in all businesses except oem/ip . datacenter and auto growth is staggeringly high . nvda
but we really need to marvel at what nvidia has done . it brought in as much profit in q4 as it did in all of 2016. seriously ! nvda
@jowens510 nvda beat @estimize estimates . a 400 % run in a year , stock is simply catching up to itself at this point .
`` i do n't remember the last time a business the size of ours .. grew by a factor of three . i think we 're in a great position . '' - nvda ceo
aapl watch how the experts get rich . now it 's your turn . learn more :
tsla if you trade options in tesla , you 're gon na love this
unfriended : toodle-oo twitter , bye-bye yelp twtr fb
the soon they have autonomous driving the better . people just ca n't drive in any rational manner . please @elonmusk save us . tsla
check out my student his story is so inspirational and i love his attitude too fb twtr
twitter 's share price crashed 10 % on thursday . ouch ! twtr via @finimize
aapl how to win with long calls
alibaba caution on brand agents & amp ; counterfeits @defotis baba china fxi
rt @timothysykes : 17 habits that will make you rich so learn about them asap fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : answering a few dozen faqs this is so useful fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : check out my student his story is so inspirational and i love his attitude too fb twtr
.. @bobbyshea62 if you bought each month , the qqq spy 'and paid your mortgage . u did just fine . not if u could n't af
@bobbyshea62 if you bought each month , the qqq spy 'as paid your mortgage . u did just fine . not if u could n't afford life
rt @goldmansachs : watch : gs ceo lloyd blankfein on why he s now a bit more optimistic about market growth :
in case you stopped paying attention , nvidia is now up slightly in after-hours trading . tough to see that report and think nvda worth less .
nvda nvidia ceo huang : `` we are the fastest growing technology company in the world ''
aapl how to become an exceptional option trader .
investors sit on sidelines even as dow hits record , rush into gold via @barronsasia spy gld bond eem ewj
pensando has already hired several veteran engineers from @cisco . csco enterprise
creating an industry gives you a place in the executive hall of fame , and leads others to fall in your shadow : tsla
vxx the option strategy that has won for 8 straight years
btw @grantmbeasley nice call on spx going to bubbleconone level at 2300. potential for euphoria fed squeeze is re
intc there 's something magnificent about turning intel into a winner with options
amzn after all of that ... here comes amazon see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high list jumps to 57 stocks . consdiscr , industrials , financials lead . xly xlf xli
today 's chat logs available now for free at see how we traded skx plug bac nugt cei
the back-half of the year for the 2017 stock market . spx ndx
rt @361capital : all-time new highs in spx dia qqq mdy . will small caps join next week ? iwm
why is my 11-hour trading checklist 100 % free ? invest in yourself & amp ; watch this ! fb twtr
in the great tech debate @michael_khouw is trading googl to make money , here 's how !
52 % of spx companies have beat sales estimates for q4 to date , below the 5-year average ( 53 % ) .
rt @optionsaction : with tech at record highs this is how @riskreversal is betting on cisco to make profits ! csco
with tech at record highs this is how @riskreversal is betting on cisco to make profits ! csco
benzinga 's option alert recap from february 10 ally aobc arnc wfm twtr k omf m kss gpro mdlz fosl shld
with the grammy awards just days away the traders are sharing their 'solid hits ' for your portfolio ! p vz fcx s
rt @madmoneyoncnbc : another reason @jimcramer thinks agn is in charge of its destiny .
aapl rises amidst surging markets , but investors should n't chase the momentum
rt @charliebilello : the past 3 weeks ( since inauguration day ) are among the calmest we 've seen in equity markets since 1990 . spx vix
amzn rang this bell , after an oxford study said that robots would kill 47 % of us jobs . now , amazon is hiring 100
nflx things are either getting really good , or we are super toppy . see chart -- & gt ; via
twtr breaks down below pivot points see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
tsla the beautiful moves that turned into a gigantic winner -- with less risk .
intc a window into the world of successful option trading and 105 % gains
aapl how to make call buying in apple work wonders cc @options @riskreversal
12 insights from the millionaire 's mind you 've got ta think like a millionaire to become one fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : here 's some early weekend motivation for you this can be you too with enough hard work fb twtr
trade plan for axp and wfc from last week also still look good
it 's just business . here 's why elon musk 's willingness to meet with trump could be good for @teslamotors . tsla
the earnings growth for spx for q4 is 5.0 % , above the estimate of 3.1 % on december 31 .
if the s & amp ; p 500 finishes higher this year , it will tie the record of 9 straight up years from 1991-99 . spx
s & amp ; p , dow , and nasdaq 100 on pace for their 9th consecutive positive year . spy dia qqq
insightful by @fosspatents : apple v qcom has more than meets the eye ( and the headlines ) : possibly several billions
watch : gs & amp ; @girlswhocode partner to mentor future female engineers : dayofwomeninscience
study these awesome techniques & amp ; tips i 've learned over the years let me be your history teacher fb twtr
rt @charliebilello : s & amp ; p 500 has n't had a 1 % intraday move since december 14 , longest period of intraday tranquility in history . spx
head-to-head : google pixel xl vs. huawei honor 6x goog honor6x pixelxl
aapl trading weekly options in apple for a profit
jim cramer weighs in on yelp and chimera cim yelp
this is an extreme example , but it 's still awesome makes me very proud fb twtr
instagram 's user base grew 10 times faster than twitter fb twtr
aapl i think this pretty remarkable in apple
pete najarian sees unusually high options activity in ebay ebay
rt @evanmedeiros : new video : tactical channel trading - a walkthrough of this weeks closed trades iwm tza xlnx 
rt @hedgeye : this chart shows 83 stocks in consumer staples ranked by the most heavily shorted . we like long wfm & amp ; short hain .
new to penny stocks ? start with this infographic preparation is key to success it 's not luck fb twtr
hard to imagine a world where aapl is n't helping lead the way . my daughters will own those shares for many years t
5 lessons from my best day of last year apply these lessons in 2017 too fb twtr
i have spent 2 hours on youtube today after looking for one clip ... still the best acquisition of all time by goog
50 brilliant motivational quotes to get you amped up ! study all weekend long fb twtr
aapl what if there was software that took an idea you had , like buying weekly options in apple , and made it work ?
the s & amp ; p 500 is up over 230 % since 2009. if you had to nickname this market , what would you call it ? spy voo
truckers looking good , one i did not pick for top 10 is jbht . hotels good too and a couple report this week mar h .
ebay shh ... breaks out above pivot points - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
ea breaks out above pivot points - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
here 's how you choose the best stock trades for you we 're all different fb twtr
qqq idea : can you make money selling put spreads ? ( image ) do this yourself for any stock ( link )
rt @ophirgottlieb : qqq idea : can you make money selling put spreads ? ( image ) do this yourself for any stock ( link )
icymi @twitter announced a new set of features to combat hateful and abusive content last week .
@ladyfohf elecrotrution , actually . tomato / tomah-to . i was n't impressed by the twtr q
nvidia s stock more than tripled in 2016 and has continued to grow . it 's now up 356.6 % in the past year
pwc played aig and greenberg to stay in favor with us government and gs and earn hundreds of millions .
citibank : best emergingmarket bet for the cautious @citi c via @defotis
global m & amp ; a ( ex spin-offs ) reached the 2nd highest january on record w/ 280bn last month c
barron 's ranks the best mutual fund families abt igt m spy
former gs executive , taking advantage of personnel vacuum , is pushing ahead on taxes , infrastructure ... | @wsj
apple near new closing high ; facebook , tesla still buys ; can nvidia settle down ? aapl fb
high earnings expectations for pepsi , not so much for cisco csco pep
google is talking to netease about getting back into china . goog googl
. @starbucks helping employees `` navigate immigration issues and get answers in these uncertain times . '' sbux
love the new nike ads in the paper today . great job sticking up for what 's right . nke
aapl winning with options is done on purpose -- and that means more of this ... you try :
marijuana stocks continue to outperform the market : cannabis stock index up for 8th consecutive week gwph iwm spy
carter worth and mike khouw 's freeport-mcmoran trade fcx
just downloaded free on amzn the case of the not so fair trader
watch out @amazon . @fedex is getting deeper into the e-commerce game . fdx amzn ( via
check out this great student of mine you could do this too if you have the right mindset fb twtr
apple near new high ; facebook , tesla still buys ; can nvidia settle down ? aapl nflx fb tsla nvda
rt @markflowchatter : early morning coffee chuckle as baird lays out m & amp ; a possibilities for aapl - targets include : nflx , dis and tsla ,
rt @zerofiltertruth : the clock is ticking for spotify p aapl goog amzn siri fb msft dis vz t tmus s
7 things millionaires do differently it might be time to change your ways ! fb twtr
here 's how we can tell twitter 's talent exodus is becoming lethal via @thestreet - twtr
there 's no question that the tesla model 3 will launch on schedule in 2017 - tsla
20-yr chart of the spx . note previous trough-to-peak 'cycles . '
watch : gs research on how streaming is completely redefining the music industry : grammys
sunny optical surged 43 % in 2017 and it s not because of apple @shuli_ren aapl taiex taiwan
this dual camera lens maker has surged 43 % in 2017 and it 's not because of apple via @barrons aapl
here 's a few examples of what you should strive for it 's not easy but great success is possible fb twtr
aapl if you 're bullish apple and trade options , this is for you
assuming a pre-2016q1 flat m/d ratio of 0.45 we got this . 2016q1/4 y/y growth given by twtr then = 0.478 ratio ( 1
father of tsla driver : 'had she been in another vehicle she would have been alive ' via @indystar
good to be the king ? burger king and tim hortons owner beat on revs & amp ; eps . solid same-store sales too . qsr stealing customers from mcd ?
freeport , pandora , square , verizon : @cnbcfastmoney picks for february 13 fcx p sq vz
marijuana continues to outperform the market : cannabis stock index up for 8th consecutive week gwph iwm qqq spy
s & amp ; p sector revenue growth , yoy ( with 80 % of companies reported ) . spx
anet if it can shake the csco lawsuit , sky is the limit see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
tsla how to make money with tesla options
rt @motleyfooltech : 7. facebook announced a 6 billion stock repurchase program . fb
apple hits a record high but leaves some investors in the dust aapl
apple shares hit record close on optimism for next iphone by @atbwebb aapl
apple vs. ibm stock performance since the day steve jobs returned as ceo in september , 1997. apple up 17,058 % . ibm
vrx & amp ; pershing agree if they settle agn case that vrx will pay 60 % , pershing to pay 40 % ; say case w/o merit
what s apple to do with 246 billion in cash ? aapl via @barronsnext
this is pretty much what parabolic looks like . it 's a monthly chart of nvidia since 2014 . nvda :
rt @cnbcfastmoney : poll : @apple stock is trading at an all-time high . are you buying ? aapl
this is the biggest hint yet that apple s next iphone will have wireless charging aapl
poll : @apple stock is trading at an all-time high . are you buying ? aapl
rt @tuskmediallc : reaction to teva earnings , amzn tries to take on hbo . also , are we becoming robots and what will yellen say ?
apple 's stock closed at an all-time high , but buybacks mean it 's not the biggest market cap it 's ever been . aapl
rt @361capital : nyse 52 week high list explodes to highest level in nearly 7 years . massive phenomenal spx
@michaeldendor the only reason apple made their numbers was the samsung phone was literally a bomb . aapl
@newamericano apple does n't deserve a 20 pe with no growth . i think apple is getting to the right price 140 . aapl
love these head-to-head match-ups . this is what benefits patients . gsk vs. gild , both reporting stellar hiv data .
gild press release with bictegravir ph2 data coming tonight , after croi media briefing ends .
gild - detailed presentation of bictegravir data tomorrow , but these top-line results , numerically superior to dolutegravir , look good .
apple investors are betting on a great anniversary present . aapl hits alltime closing high as iphone nears 10 yrs
citigroup get 2.5 % @barronsonline bounce , w/ tarullo & amp ; mexico kicker emergingmarket bank c f nafta corbet
aapl plenty of analysts who cover apple think stock has room to run
rt @cnnmoney : tesla is bringing its electric cars to the heart of the oil producing world . tsla
rt @kantar : costco check-in -- membership retention remains strong at 88 % globally and 91 % in north america cost
rt @adamfeuerstein : gild and 'good news ' make a rare , joint appearance at hiv conference & gt ;
costco check-in -- membership retention remains strong at 88 % globally and 91 % in north america
gild and 'good news ' make a rare , joint appearance at hiv conference & gt ;
@adamfeuerstein @matthewherper @thestreet gild : infectious disease today , infectious disease tomorrow , infectious disease forever ?
apple has found its groove again . aapl
why apple closed at a record high aapl
@cycleflyer i 'm long so it 's bullish . somehow . aapl
rt @atticusmb : 3 top biotech stocks to buy on sale @themotleyfool stocks celg , jazz , abbv
happy valentine 's day ! here are some romantic stocks . flws ftd hsy mtch luv -- only for its ticker ... although
why is apple entering the original content space ? @adamlashinsky says it 's all about product diversification .
rt @foxbusinessam : shares of aapl closing at a record high yesterday apple stocks @simonettilauren
did buffalo wild wings management restore confidence ? bwld
tim cook sheds light on apple 's ar strategy aapl
@colombia_bot *loud/slow : sorry . i 'm am-er-i-can . no hablar bueno other ... languages and stuff . if only twtr had edit-o .
apple is about 1 away from trading at its highest levels ever . it 's already up 15 % this year . aapl chart :
.. @goldenzephyr exactly right ! and columbia ( not a lot of nflx shows about columbian roses ) . let the spending trickl
financials heart yellen today . and probably trump too . all-time highs for jpm v pnc all pru mtb sivb . gs not far from one either .
rt @businessinsider : starbucks and wechat make digital gifting available in china sbux
more than a few ... but , for now at least , nvda appears to have the inside track
perfect timing ? former exxonmobil ceo rex tillerson left company to become secstate just as xom started to slide .
facebook makes a play for music fb
facebook makes a play for music fb by @biintelligence
which is the only fast-food chain with a less than 3 minute drive-thru wait ? mcd rbi wen yum
tsla breaks out above pivot points - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
tsla trading within 4 of all-time high -- up 1.5 %
pretty impressive overall . spy held yesterday 's low . qqq 's held yesterday 's low . iwm reclaimed yesterday 's low . fas 2017 highs
the s & amp ; p 500 has n't had a 20 % correction in nearly 1,400 days . that 's one of the longest streaks ever : spy vix
tesla within 4 of all-time high tsla
these 15 key steps will lead you toward success remember these fb twtr
rt @yahoofinance : 2 min : @alexistvnews @readdanwrite talk smartphones replacing atm cards , aapl & amp ; @pogue 's sony cyber-shot review
hologic follows allergan , buying body-sculptor cynosure for 1.65 bil : holx cyno agn zltq
amazon web services is taking on skype , webex , and gotomeeting in videoconferencing to broaden its appeal to business customers amzn
hopes for the 10th-anniversary iphone propel apple shares to all-time closing high aapl via @wsj
tesla is enjoying an epic stock surge tsla
president donald trump may be about to boost apple even higher : aapl
rt @canuck2usa : a look @our recent gs trade for study
live : apple to launch original shows on apple music - will this help their music subscription ?
rt @cfraresearch : tesla 's recent share price spike is n't tied to any clear news item : via @fortunemagazine tsla
apple is still below a 2015 intra-day peak of 134.54 , & amp ; shares still trade for about 13 times a fiscal 2018 : aapl
i 've got as much interest investing in snap at this point as i do getting kicked in the stones . ( hint : it rhymes w
. @apple hits a new all-time high aapl
apple shares hit new all-time high aapl
at codemedia facebook 's @drose007 fb 1 ) uncropped vertical video 2 ) sound on news feed video 3 ) background video play 4 ) connected tv app
rt @cnntech : apple 's love affair with wall street is back . aapl
google spanner database surfaces at last goog
these pivots can help each day . spy held yesterday 's low . and broke above yesterday 's high . adjust at pivots .
apple aapl now up 1.21 % today hit all time high of us 134.91 tech ausbiz
@mikeisaac or ... aapl apple video will humiliate the skeptics again
fb facebook you can be a better option trader , fast via @cmlviz
now that would be very very interesting . could a snapchat-twitter combination be a formidable threat to facebook ? p
.. @johnnymartin i use `` they have a gazillion stuffed in a fake irish bank and the iphone8 will be magic '' as a mantr
goldman sachs all-time high ! the big bank 's shares just hit their highest level ever at 250 , and are up 71 % ( ! ) for
rt @ukarlewitz : through 4q16 , 89 % of eps growth has been from higher profits , not buybacks . spx
rt @wsjmoneybeat : as apple goes , so go the nation 's stock portfolios aapl @qqq via @chrisdieterich
. @ampressman no ... this is the story , and always will be aapl video will humiliate the skeptics again
starbucks will start serving ice cream in coffee at more than 100 stores a major sign for the future
you know my only losing trades today ? betting against the market lol unamerican svxy uvxy
aapl shares are at 52-week highs , but gs has bigger aspirations
while gs is above its '07 peak price , its market cap is lower ( 99b vs 114b then ) due to buybacks . balance sheet in '07 : 1.1t , now 861b .
facebook announces tv app , and nintendo reveals dlc for upcoming zelda game . watch : cheddarlive golive fb
tune in tomorrow at 1:30 pm pt for the cscoq2fy17 earnings conference call . follow highlights on twitter . csco
cliffs natural shares are hot hot hot for shorts , and so are these other 5 cara clf cr uaa tsla gsat
rt @dseetharaman : publishers been expecting live payments to end soon ; now fb basically confirms their suspicions .
goldman tries to weed out underperformers by giving zero bonuses ( known as bagels or doughnuts ) to ~100 bankers gs
rt @canuck2usa : cost pushing higher ..fill those carts
rt @kopintan : goldman sachs shares are up 79 % since last june and 37 % since election . on track for 1st record close since oct 2007 gs
rt @jeffmacke : twtr up & gt ; 5 % from post-earnings lows on hopes management wo n't say anything for 3 months .
stocks positive in late trading on wall st , having set new record highs today . djia +0.3 % , with jpm and gs both
apple stock hits record high as company orders oled displays for iphone 8 via @yahoofinance - aapl
apple at all-time high : poised for more growth as anticipation for next iphone builds - aapl
rt @jamieheller : goldmine sachs : gs shares on pace to top 2007 record closing high @beneisen
apple stock hits record high as company orders oled displays for iphone 8 : aapl oled
now a 6 consecutive day advance for spy s & amp ; p 500 etf . matches the longest bull run in 3yrs ( 2/14/15 had an 8-day )
facebook debuts new video app for apple tv and amazon fire tv fb
love at first sight ? trump spy
hence all-time spy highs , daily- betting your politics in your portfolio does n't work & gt ; hedge fund managers warning on us uncertainties -wsj
goldman sachs gs is to the dow industrials , what apple aapl is to the s & amp ; p 500 ... and goldman closed at a record high today 249.46
asked if amzn will ever be a player in pharma distribution , gc says `` that is hard for me to predict . '' bioceo17
check out how gs is using technology to make our bankers smarter , faster , better @reuters
a bonanza of records for stocks today , with the s & amp ; p 500 , djia , nasdaq , russell 2000 and gs all posting new highs :
intc turning an 8 % loss into a 105 % gain is really a window into the world of successful option trading
apple hit a new all-time high today at 135.09 per share . that means its market cap is now 715 billion . aapl :
live : berkshire bought luv , siri . increased stakes in aapl , dal , ual via @sallypancakes
zuckerberg recently said video is `` a mega trend on the same order as mobile . '' today fb debuted its video app for t
rt @timothysykes : these 15 key steps will lead you toward success remember these fb twtr
georgesoros picks up goldmansachs shares , dumps nvidia . | gs nvda
i think u can still have individual longs . but a spy hedge put on at the end of the day to trade around , can help u sleep a bit better
regeneron : it 's all riding on dupixent - regn
goldmansachs record-high close is first in more than 9 years . | gs
amazon is quietly becoming a major player in enterprise software - amzn
rt @biintelligence : starbucks and wechat make digital gifting available in china sbux by @biintelligence
goldman sachs is doing just fine @dakincampbell gs
. @goldmansachs has finally recovered from the crisis . the latest catalyst ? trump 's efforts to kill dodd-frank :
apple cfo talking video strategy at goldman conference . original shows `` initially '' will be available on apple music . go on ... aapl
salesforce has a ( sometimes ) activist investor crm
warren buffett massively increased his bet on apple @sallypancakes brk aapl
rt @kesslercfra : apple closes at basically all-time high of 135.02 ( intra-day was a bit higher ) . aapl recently represented 16.4 % of s & amp ; p 5
rt @sonalibasak : berkshire boosts airlines stakes & amp ; aapl ( which closed at a record high ) . it adds monsanto . mon @nbuhayar @k_chiglinsky @
rt @kchaykowski : zuckerberg recently said video is `` a mega trend on the same order as mobile . '' today fb debuted its video app for tv
i wish more traders would do this as this makes me so truly happy fb twtr
great day for banking stocks - thanks to fed chair janet yellen . gs rose 1 % & amp ; bac climbed nearly 3 %
@dewdiligence gild has issues but competitive threat from gsk 2daa is not one of them , assuming bictegravir is as good as it looks .
rt @akaneotani : a bonanza of records for stocks today , with the s & amp ; p 500 , djia , nasdaq , russell 2000 and gs all posting new highs :
13f roundup : apple , bank of america and other stocks hedge funds love/hate aapl bac luv de eem spy
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high list at 47 stocks . financials , tech , consdiscr and industrials lead . xly xlf xli xlk
rt @danieleran : maestri on aapl watch : feel very very good about the momentum . with airplay & amp ; beats , wearables is becoming a large busines
sure , why not : warren buffett spends 1 trillion to buy all of apple ... aapl
rt @stevekasko : warren buffett is now the no . 2 holder in american airlines . aal
aapl ( apple , inc. ) closes market day w/share price of 135.02 -- -another new record . currently trading near 135.27 in after hours stocks
4 must-reads : as india & amp ; apple talk , vietnam waits & amp ; watches aapl emergingmarket iphone @barronsonline
warren buffett takes a big bite of apple aapl and probably had a good quarter
facebook announces launch of television app . fb
gs found some huge edge in goldman options , right here
apple 's market cap is at 715 billion . only 18 countries have a larger gdp than aapl market cap .
paul singer 's latest 13f shows big change in apple , western digital aapl wdc cab intc nvda
893 profit gale see my track record , daily watch lists & amp ; realtime alerts :
rt @stocktwits : apple hit a new all-time high today at 135.09 per share . that means its market cap is now 715 billion . aapl :
amazon released an enterprise skype competitor . @settern explains why organizations might be compelled to switch .
rt @goldmansachs : check out how gs is using technology to make our bankers smarter , faster , better @reuters
crazy , crazy after-hours . softbank buying fortress fig . buffett 4x'ing his aapl stake , dal . and , my fav stock tsla .
kind of interesting on twtr !
the twitter ceo is still a believer : @jack has spent 7 million buying twtr stock in the past two days .
late-breaking on @theterminal via 13f filings : major hedgefunds went deep into bank stocks during 4q . do n't forget gs at record today !
actually liking amzn music
warren buffett loads up on apple stock in q4 , and he may have made 1.1 billion in just the last six weeks
buffett 's berkshire piles on shares of apple , airlines , cuts wal-mart aapl wmt vz brkb
rt @junheng_li : optical touch sensors , glass casing makers , and lens supply chain will benefit the most from iphone8 by aapl
rt @defotis : 13f : hedge fund tiger added mercadolibre , sold wuba , some baba in china online portfolio meli @
. @goldmansachs stock at its absolute all-time high thanks to trump thoughts . nearly 250/shr via @dakincampbell gs
13f : hedge fund tiger added mercadolibre , sold wuba , some baba in china online portfolio meli @barronsonline
aapl 's market cap of 715 billion would make it the world 's 19th largest country by gdp .
nasdaq 100 etf up 8 days in a row , one of the longest streaks on record . qqq
a sweet stock buy for twtr shareholders
from sweep to peak ( intraday ) @wallstjesus jnug +19 % vrx +31 %
rt @charliebilello : total returns over the last year ... bac : +119 % ms : +117 % gs : +80 % jpm : +74 % c : +73 % spy : +31 %
since election ... ura : +72 % kbe : +30 % slx : +30 % xlf : +22 % rsx : +21 % iwm : +17 % spy : +10 % agg : -2 % gld : -4 % eww : -12 % vxx : -48 %
total returns over the last year ... bac : +119 % ms : +117 % gs : +80 % jpm : +74 % c : +73 % spy : +31 %
remembering the genius of hunter s. thompson gdxj gld slv
wow ! aapl
rt @stt2318 : bac fresh breakout on expanding volume ... good for the whole sector
the s & amp ; p 500 has n't had a 1 % down day since oct 11 , 2016. longest stretch since 2006 . spx
the stock surge comes amid renewed optimism for the iphone aapl via @cnntech
berkshire hathaway discloses increased stake in apple aapl via @wsj
dysfunction , heartbreak and love : 11 most interesting corporate couples aapl abt aet via @benzinga
ibm ceo to partners : i need to be able to keep telling you how committed we are to your success . ibm
paypal looks to become part of everyday life with its newest acquisition pypl
the oil price this energy etf needs ixc xle xom bp cvx tot rdsa
rt @charliebilello : s & amp ; p 500 : 41 days and counting without a 1 % intraday move , the most peaceful market in history . spx
happy apple day - new post aapl
blow off top ? but measured move says spy could see 242.52 , manage risk for your timeframe
rt @crntestcenter : head-to-head : amazon chime vs. microsoft skype amzn msft skypeforbusiness
shares of aapl are pushing even higher into record territory on news that brk.a has boosted its stake by sevenfold .
airlines about to create make new highs as a group dal ual aal
winning wednesday - our seminar trade makes a quick 5,000 ! xom mon ung future aapl --
morning watchlist spy amzn blue ibb cala x
warren buffett loads up on apple stock aapl
on aapl hitting record highs , by @howardlindzon
... unless tsla becomes the all-consuming energy company musk said he wants it to be
stocks start mixed/ even on strong economic and inflation data . yields higher at 2.51 % . the apple rally continues . up to new highs . aapl
tsla stock starting to price in their enormous lead in driverless and inevitable destruction of @uber model at their hands
excellent follow through so far c
rt @matthewphillips : apple vs. exxon ... market value of ~ 700 billion aapl
rt @howardlindzon : happy apple day - new post aapl
apple vs. exxon ... market value of ~ 700 billion aapl
rt @yahoofinance : jack dorsey buys 7 million of twitter shares twtr
stocks to watch : aapl and airlines get a buffett boost , pep fizzles , fig surges on softbank buyout
trading without these rules is unfathomable to me so please learn them fb twtr
mojo check : working . amzn
jack dorsey might have just squashed any twitter m & amp ; a talk for a while twtr
last month , a record number of shares were betting against tesla . but here 's how tesla has traded since : tsla
rt @adamnash : good lesson on share buybacks : aapl hit all time high in share price today , but fewer shares means 700b market cap vs. 775
shares of twitter are climbing a little more than 1 % after ceo jack dorsey purchased more stock : twtr
spy cleared 233.71 . now see if it stays above -or not
target has no plans to accept apple pay in-store tgt aapl
rt @full_kit_yankee : @ophirgottlieb took an aapl 133 strike on 2/8 for 1.25 because of your post . almost 3x so far . thanks and great work !
bac continues that monster break out on daily
twtr jack dorsey just bought a chunk of twitter stock via @cmlviz
yahoo shares jump 2 % on report that verizon has made a revised offer for the tech company at a lower price . yhoo vz
mar reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.02 eps and +26.54m revs compared to ws
wayfair should hit 1 billion in sales during q4 amzn w
alphabet s waymo is beginning to gain momentum via @yahoofinance - googl
rt @jcmccracken : vz , yhoo reach tentative agreement to lower price of yahoo sale by 250m .
700,000,000,000 crossed again ! aapl
icymi , warren buffett has been raising his stake in big airlines . aal dal ual luv
rt @scottbudman : breaking : cnbc reports verizon has reached a revised deal to buy yahoo . yhoo shares move higher .
breaking : cnbc reports verizon has reached a revised deal to buy yahoo . yhoo shares move higher .
and another push by these banks . jpm bac wfc with gs yet to hit new intra-day highs
cisco 's software makeover continues , with q2 earnings after the bell csco
rt @ophirgottlieb : gs the edge that has developed in goldman sachs options is remarkable
rt @malibuinvest : bac sold more at 1.23 ( from 3c ) over 4000 %
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` global market trends : 5 charts to watch now '' post by @callum_thomas spy eem oil 
facebook : sharing fake news is your prerogative - the verge fb
mcd getting frisky today , putting some distance between it and the big oi at 125 for friday
rt @wsjmarkets : u.s. airline stocks are flying high after filings showed the oracle of omaha is still bullish on the sector luv
u.s. airline stocks are flying high after filings showed the oracle of omaha is still bullish on the sector luv
aapl a brilliant approach to trading options in apple that no one saw coming
rt @timothysykes : trading without these rules is unfathomable to me so please learn them fb twtr
morgan stanley puts amazon prime subscribers at 65m amzn
rt @philipvandoorn : warren buffett 's beloved cheap airline stocks could get a nice tax boost from trump luv dal h
bonds and gold with some recovery here ( protection-ey ) . vxx still bid . seeing a few wiseguy protection nibbling .
rt @cerebrus7 : for a little optimism dq luv pme nak skyw all behaving and growing like good investments finance philanthropy fintec
twitter ceo @jack dorsey continues to believe in the company . he bought 7 million in twtr stock this week .
gs is ripping , but this option strategy is making more , with less risk
wfc is n't the only bank/financial that 's hitting new records today . all-time highs for jpm usb gs bbt cfg pnc cma as well .
things are looking up for @yahoo . yhoo
shares of yahoo ! rose following newsverizon will recieve a 250m discount on its pending acquisition : vz yhoo
a few years ago under bartz , yhoo 's ebitda was over 1.5b a year . four and a half years later , it 's going out at 3x that ebitda
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time highs hit 75 stocks ( a 2017 high ) . fins , industrials , tech , and consdiscr lead . xly xlf xli xlk
check out @chuckrobbins key takeaways from the cscoq2fy17 earnings call . csco
recurring revenue is up 13 % at cisco . important for company to drive growth there as hardware sales struggle . csco
we returned 2.3b to shareholders during q2 that included 1.0b of share repurchases and 1.3b for our quarterly dividend . csco cscoq2fy17
cisco segments : switching : down 5 % routing : down 10 % collaboration : up 4 % data center : down 4 % wireless : up 3 % security : up 14 % csco
revenue highlights : csco cscoq2fy17
in q2 , product deferred revenue related to recurring software and subscription businesses grew to 4.0b , up 51 % y/y . csco cscoq2fy17
rt @mktsinsider : goldman sachs climbs to a record high gs
services revenue grew well at 5 % y/y with a strong focus on renewals and attach rates . csco cscoq2fy17
goldman sachs climbs to a record high gs
security revenue grew 14 % y/y with deferred revenue up 45 % y/y as more solutions result in greater recurring revenue . csco cscoq2fy17
collaboration revenue grew 4 % y/y with deferred revenue growing 14 % y/y . csco cscoq2fy17
in q2 , we made progress on our strategic priorities while maintaining discipline on profitability and cash generation . csco cscoq2fy17
with the application analytics from appdynamics , we will provide customers with insights to improve business performance . csco cscoq2fy17
in q2 , we added 1,300 nexus 9k and 450 new aci customers . total install bases now 10,800 and 3,100 respectively . csco cscoq2fy17
we added over 6,000 advanced threat solutions customers in q2 , bringing the total to approximately 29,000 now using amp . csco cscoq2fy17
we had another great quarter in security reflecting the strength of our best of breed offerings and architectural approach csco cscoq2fy17
we re pleased that the board approved a 12 % increase to our quarterly dividend to 0.29 per share . csco cscoq2fy17
q2 gaap earnings per share was 0.47 and non-gaap earnings per share was 0.57 . csco cscoq2fy17
s & amp ; p 500 -- up 29 % in past 12 months spx
we performed well in q2 , delivering total revenue of 11.6 billion with strong profitability and healthy cash flow . csco cscoq2fy17
breaking : marriott intl mar q4 revenue , 5.46b vs. 4.96b expected
rt @vixandmore : extremely unusual to see 11.6 % spike in vix with a 0.5 % gain in spx
thank you for following cscoq2fy17 earnings highlights . webcast and slides are located here : csco
mar reports inline with the estimize eps consensus and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 611.18m -
rt @airlinewriter : berkshire bump : shares of luv ual dal aal rose today after buffett s firm revealed that it increased positions in th
berkshire bump : shares of luv ual dal aal rose today after buffett s firm revealed that it increased positions in the airlines . stocks
that explains today 's rise sure - but yhoo steadily rallying since mid-dec despite revelations about hacks and pot
vix vxx understanding the risk profile has meant enormous returns
csco jumped after hours on earnings , and @petenajarian called the rally in his fast pitch in september
how to sell the news trading stocks nvda
gs ' gregg lemkau talks sports business with @carolmassar and @corytv at bloomberg sports business summit
marriottrewards world 's largest hotel co beats & amp ; returns cashmoney in 1st earnings after starwood purchase mar
nasdaq 100 etf up for the 9th day in a row . longest in its history was 14 days back in 2013 . qqq
potential activist investors line up to take a stake in salesforce crm
know how to plan penny stock trades planning is everything ! fb twtr
tesla has left the s & amp ; p 500 index in the dust in the past 12 months , rising nearly 90 % vs. spx 's 25 % increase
rt @cisco : we added over 6,000 advanced threat solutions customers in q2 , bringing the total to approximately 29,000 now using amp . csco 
rt @cisco : with the application analytics from appdynamics , we will provide customers with insights to improve business performance . csco
`` while it s tempting to sell micron & amp ; run away b/c it s a heart attack stock , the data is actually very stable . '' mu
gs there is an edge in goldman sachs options right now -- and it 's growing
rt @megtirrell : fda approves vrx 's siliq ( brodalumab ) for psoriasis . will have black box warning , rems program
@cornel6m gsk and gild are working on true , long-acting therapies . once monthly . and even those will be niche .
smartphonewars : aapl knocks note7 weakened samsung off top sales spot 4q . @akikofujita street 10a hk/sg .
rt @kchaykowski : in oct. fb rolled out its biz chat tool workplace . now it has a new enterprise product : job postings + applications
i still get confused when i see msft and open source in the same tweet .
in oct. fb rolled out its biz chat tool workplace . now it has a new enterprise product : job postings + application
valeant gets an fda ok for new psoriasis drug brodalumab but there s a big catch vrx nvs azn '
... more statistically honest data , last time spx up 0.5 % or more at same time vix up 1.0 vol or more : 12/11/14
just 256,000 units separating aapl and @samsungmobile !
celgene could have one more powerful move higher via @thestreet - celg ( long )
from sweep to peak ( intraday ) @wallstjesus grpn +60 % teva +362 %
mar marriott hit record highs & amp ; posting strong results . meantime trip tripadvisor missed again
3 china stocks for the long and short term @jackhough china baba msci
rt @timothysykes : 5 lessons for every company that does business on the internet it 's good to be real fb twtr
1000+ iphones ? aapl `` kuo goes on to estimate an `` iphone 8 '' price tag starting at 1,000 ''
rt @lanceippolito : @sanglucci @wallstjesus luv beast after calls in the morning
amazon and google may turn speakers into phones - googl amzn v interesting
we need autonomous cars ! will safe so many lives . thanks tesla @elonmusk tsla
gs reached all-time-high
rt @quantedges : today was just 4th time spy closed up while vix up & gt ; 10 % . other 3 : 3/14/94 , 3/31/94 & amp ; 5/5/97 .
mt @bankinnovation congrats @marcus by gs , you are one of the coolest banking brands of 2017 ! see full list here :
cisco switching & amp ; routing sales fell 206m from last year . arista product sales rose ~ 72m in same time .
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time highs at 74 stocks . fins , industrials , tech , and consdiscr still lead . xly xlf xli xlk
arista networks stock soars after hours on earnings , sales beat : anet csco msft amzn fb
jim cramer on twitter - `` it is more valuable than almost anything else i get and yet i get it for free '' twtr
facebook promises to hug and poke everyone equally all the time bummer fb
nflx the clever adjustment to trading calls in netflix has created an unbelievable winner
china : why debt is not a problem @defotis fxi eem gnzuf ach tcehy baba
all that glitters is gold @crystalkimmm gld gg gdx
apple is the world 's most admired company for 10th straig ... - aapl
iphone 8 design 'confirmed ' in massive apple leak via @yahoofinance - aapl boom .
the 10 reasons you 're not a millionaire ... yet read up & amp ; kick it in gear ! fb twtr
why warren buffett buys apple stock ( aapl )
geronimo ! amazon 's looking at using parachutes to drop our deliveries to us from its drones . amzn
amzn the key to trading calls in amazon
. @uaw sends organizers to aid tsla worker push to unionize plant via @bloomberg
exhibit a on goog 's deep learning prowess ...
video : gs economist yu song shares his views on china & amp ; reform agenda on @bloombergtv
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet aapl kate
morning watchlist spy ctrl nvda espr
rt @jenwieczner : valeant stock is finally bringing bill ackman 's hedge fund back from the dead @fortunemagazine vrx
celg ms pill succeeds in first ph3 & gt ; more reason for celg to go big , acquire biib & gt ;
tesla has sold 15 million worth of powerpack 2.0 tsla
here s why surging tech , the best sector year to date , might be badly overbought . xlk aapl msft
valeant stock is finally bringing bill ackman 's hedge fund back from the dead @fortunemagazine vrx
10 new s & amp ; p 500 record highs in early trading on this friday , incl : costco cost altria mo kraft heinz khc boeing ba 3m mmm etc . tgif !
foreigners rush to buy taiwan , apple s manufacturing backyard aapl via @barronsasia
rolled short ibm feb 180 calls to mar 3 exp 182.5 calls for 5c credit ( against long march 180 calls )
google had a nice week and people are buying bonds today . 4 year bonds feel good . 2021 . goog
rt @davidgzeiler : why warrenbuffet suddenly loves aapl : apple stocks investing stockmarket buffett
stocks to watch : ul , khc soar on takeover talk , de powers ahead , aapl eyes india iphone production
apple 's cfo explains the company 's 10 billion r & amp ; d budget aapl
rolled short mcd feb 125 calls to mar 125 for 48c credit ( against april 125s )
tesla : power packing tsla
rt @scottgamm : apple 's market cap currently stands at 711 billion - more than fb and googl @thestreet @briansozzi
finally , a needle mover for ibm .
apple 's market cap currently stands at 711 billion - more than fb and googl @thestreet @briansozzi
rt @options : trading options in qqq by @ophirgottlieb :
arista networks : a beat and raise story anet msft
rt @thestreet : is apple 's market cap headed for 1 trillion ? thestreet 's @briansozzi weighs in : aapl
is apple 's market cap headed for 1 trillion ? thestreet 's @briansozzi weighs in : aapl
apple is on a crash course to being first company to ever be worth 1 trillion aapl
a collection of the quirkiest things we could find on amazon : amzn
week in review : dow keeps rising as apple hits high , verizon unlimited , kraft eyes unilever
@thealexbente it 's the ai brain for smart cars . we 're big belivers in the driverless car ! nvda tsla
`` alexa , call my mom please . '' amzn googl
amazon market cap now above 400b . only aapl googl msft & amp ; warren buffett 's brk.b are worth more than amzn .
sbux with the solid initial move . looks like players want another leg up at some point .
big week for ipos coming : snap , biggest tech ipo since baba , also private markets firm hamilton lane hlne.ipo biz finally opening up ? ipo
earnings : how 's consumer spending impacting macy 's , wal-mart and home depot earnings ? amzn hd m wmt tri
current most active symbols on byx : xlf , bac , eem , vxx , gdx livedata makingmarketsbetter
a stock market basics tutorial for you check out this handy infographic fb twtr
rt @lamonicabuzz : amazon market cap now above 400b . only aapl googl msft & amp ; warren buffett 's brk.b are worth more than amzn .
aapl becoming a renewed favorite by wiseguys .
ibm has gained nearly 45 % over the past 12 months : ibm
love this but may i suggest that a close viewing of last night 's @madmoneyoncnbc will give you a better read on the
nxpi and bac were largest purchases by top 50 hedge funds in q4 . pg and amzn were top sales
5 steps you can take now to get wealthy in 2017 make this your year fb twtr
mark cuban 's 2 biggest holdings : amazon and netflix amzn nflx @mcuban
buy big bottles of ketchup and gallons of ice cream at costco ? khc un at all-time highs on merger talks . but so is cost . great company .
getting a nice move out of t-mobile today . it seems like a good fit for comcast . tmus ulta and tesla higher too . ulta tsla
this one was too easy spy spx
stock indexes quiet , but apple supplier cognex leaps 9 % : cgnx aapl anet swir aan conn
survey says microsoft cloud is on the rise aws msft
sbux has room too ( long ) - stock above 57.05 - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
13f alert : hedge funds top holdings vs s & amp ; p 500 chtr amzn expe hum hd pg xom cvx
celg breaking out ( long + options ) - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
spx has now run 89 straight trading days without a daily drop of -1 % . by next friday , we 'll match a 21 yr record
ny/nj students learn professional networking & amp ; etiquette from gs ' brian fortson , talent coach @sarah_tennyson & amp ; re
rt @deoneroberts : bank of america ceo brian moynihan gets a raise but still no cash bonus bac charobs
' @guyadami is betting on crm as a slam drunk stock in time for this weekend 's nba all-star game
market confidence in early days of the trump presidency . spy vxx
these are the big dow winners this week - which names are you trading or fading ? csco pfe ba jpm pg
friday motivation , the best 20k i 've ever spent let this inspire you as can be used for good fb twtr
demographics and destiny spx stocks
rt @optionsaction : tesla has been on a hot streak . here 's how @riskreversal is trading it ahead of earnings tsla
tesla has been on a hot streak . here 's how @riskreversal is trading it ahead of earnings tsla
rt @bvz_investools : spx highs leap to 116 but the top 4 sector order stays put : xlk xlf xlb xli topdownthermometer sectorrotation 5
rt @optionsaction : looking for portfolio protection ? here 's how @riskreversal is trading the spy
the 3 best performing s & amp ; p 500 stocks of the year ( so far ) nrg +39 % csx +35 % swks +29 % here 's the full list
rt @usatodaytech : what s behind apple s recent rally ? it s not just hopes for the new iphone aapl
aapl research and development by quarter -- new all-time high via @cmlviz
adbe breaks out above pivot points - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
rt @johnkicklighter : spx has now run 89 straight trading days without a daily drop of -1 % . by next friday , we 'll match a 21 yr record
amzn nears new all-time high ; market cap tops 400b - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
rt @jamespasseri : . @cgrantwsj on important caveats in valeant 's bittersweet drug approval . stock and bonds are slumping ... vrx
watch and if you want to really understand my mission fb twtr peeps
the current forward 12-month p/e ratio for spx of 17.6 ( based on thursday 's close ) is the highest since 2004 .
bac this what option edge is -- and this is how to use it to profit
aapl there is a beauty in this option strategy -- there 's also a lot of money
rt @timothysykes : watch and if you want to really understand my mission fb twtr peeps
rt @timothysykes : friday night motivation get pumped up fb twtr peeps !
more perspective : there 's apple , and everybody else aapl , googl , amzn , msft cash from operations
amzn r & amp ; d is getting absurdly large aapl , googl , amzn research & amp ; development ( ttm ) via
qqq options in nasdaq-100 can be very profitable , but you have to be better than the crowd . -- & gt ;
rt @heyimsnuffles : @bkollmeyer i told you it was bullshit gdp spy | the big breakout chekc it out
how @ibm watson competes for ai talent against google . ibm goog googl
aapl trading weekly options in apple for a profit
rt @ibd_ecarson : ibd 50 : chip sector remains strong as recent earnings impress nvda amat mchp
why warren buffett buys apple stock ( aapl )
philstockworld top trade review : hotstocks slw wtw fcx sbux abx lmt rtn dia --
rt @callum_thomas : 1. the euphoriameter has surged since the bottom this time last year . spx
rt @ophirgottlieb : twtr aapl
rt @kmccabe0214 : so true . cape has one of highest inverse correlations to subsequent actual lt term spx returns . credit @hussmanjp , a mus
the global dow is an index of the world 's 150 largest companies . you should know it 's at 9-year highs djia dia
rt @michaelglamothe : if you are a trend follower like me , this is your kind of market ! spx spy qqq djia iwm 
rt @marketwatch : djia is on track to return 3.7 % within trump 's first 30 days in office , the 6th best in percentage terms
djia is on track to return 3.7 % within trump 's first 30 days in office , the 6th best in percentage terms
rt @timothysykes : how to react when a penny stock moves too fast for you to get executed really good to know fb t
mcgregor vs. mayweather superfight could be huge for las vegas cbs czr lvs
the oil equipment makers , services firms that should benefit from the u.s. shale revival
you may never have to plug in your iphone again . aapl via @cnntech
rt @betawork : 3 examples of the potential in ibm 's watson @themotleyfool stocks ibm
check out this great blog post as it makes me very proud ! fb twtr peeps
rt @tickerville : rather than buy it . i 've started a twtr jar . deposit 100 when you think it 's bottomed . much cheaper ! !
cisco wants to take subscription model that has been successful in software and apply to networking hardware . csco
how does a bank exec turned fintech ceo plan out a workday ? gs ubs
vix vxx the remarkable option strategy that has won for eight straight years
bac if you trade options in the big banks , there is edge , right now
why the iphone 8 stands a good chance of silencing apple 's critics - aapl
.. @arkwebx0 @jwan584 are impressed by watson for oncology , the first time this portfolio manager has paid attention
rt @timothysykes : 13 things successful people do do you do them too fb twtr
correction : p/e expansion accounts for all spx gains since 2012 ... bubble
rt @uclatheden : timeout c . ucla up 78-61 with 6:23 to go . pauley is littttt
for the first time in tim cook 's tenure , @apple is finally firing on all cylinders aapl
aapl apple has created an impossible to copy new video series and reminded nflx and amzn - they ai n't no apple
aapl boom.trailer for second show is aggressive stake in the ground apple video will humiliate the skeptics , again
sometimes the market 's biggest winners are right in front of you . here 's ulta ( l'oreal , revlon ) since 2009 : ulta
amazon a buy at new high , google retakes entry , nvidia finds support amzn googl nvda mbly ntes
badass ! ! ! ! googl
aapl as i said before , apple is going to crush it in video . the celebs / talent -- apple music only . not nflx , amzn
watch my video and see what kind of life you can have if you stay dedicated and trade safely fb twtr
rt @thestreet : prime subscriptions now appear to account for over 4 % of amazon 's revenue : amzn
. @apple 's next iphone could come with big benefits , thanks to the amoled screen . apple iphonex iphone8 aapl
this chart ca n't be seen enough . where do you think we are right now ? reply below . spy :
have the patience to wait for trade setups like this they do happen fb twtr
could celgene have another billion-dollar blockbuster on its hands ? - celg
spx - spx - no dream is too big , no challenge is too great . -
tim cook is saying more about augmented reality , leading to predictions of ar features in the iphone8 .
i have bought beautiful zegna shirts at costco on sale . cost is a great retailer and we have owned it big for
qqq the calm , risk averse option strategy that returned 120 %
do n't ignore these key lessons as they will change your life over time fb twtr
there is a lot of speculative trading on who alibaba 's new retail partner is.. via @barronsasia baba
7 tips to making 7k in 1 day it 's possible with enough study/proper strategy fb twtr
rt @sassy_spy : tsla claiming 35 % battery cost reduction at gigafactory 1 hinting breakthrough cost below 125/kwh electrek
rt @stocktwits : this chart ca n't be seen enough . where do you think we are right now ? reply below . spy :
rt @darrengratson : these 2 casinos are making very different bets on millennials @themotleyfool stocks czr , penn , sgms , lvs
rt @timothysykes : have the patience to wait for trade setups like this they do happen fb twtr
rt @timothysykes : this is how i buy penny stocks just before big spikes take notes fb twtr
tesla powerwall 2 now shipping with 2170 gigafactory batteries inside - tsla
every friday my video stock mkt analysis spy qqq iwm tlt smh ibb nvda aapl
apple pay already accepted at a third of us retail outlets - aapl
rt @foxnewsresearch : the djia is up 4.02 % since inauguration day ; the dow 's best first 30 days of any president 's first term since taft in
will the open interest stall the uptrend next week ? spy spx iwm qqq
icymi : bank of america ceo brian moynihan got 25 % raise in 2016 bac charobs
we 've been saying this for a while . apple does n't buy anything . nothing . drifting . in a sea of forgotten worries .
how amazon plans to expand in the food market - amzn
whatsapp changes everything with its new 'status ' feature - fb
commented on tanger factory outlet centers : a bargain reit for dgi investors ? amzn frt shld spg srg skt
why i shorted this 8 billion penny stock pump & amp ; dump this is a solid history lesson fb twtr
( 2/2 ) two ways to trade options in this market 2. bet the market wo n't go down a lot : aapl example
( 1/2 ) two ways to trade options in this market 1. bet on a rise aggressively : amzn example
rt @timothysykes : 7 tips to making 7k in 1 day it 's possible with enough study/proper strategy fb twtr
msft the magnificent power of being prepared in option trading .
. @microsoft ceo @satyanadella speaks out on 'being an american company ' under @realdonaldtrump . msft leadership
weekend review and watchlist spx cma wtfc brk.b gd rop swks mrvl yndx
rt @timothysykes : check out my best student in 2016 he 's come a long way and just had a baby too ! fb twtr
msft turning a short put on its head -- with more profit than loss -- and then a win
kakao : alibaba s ant financial to invest in 200 million via @barronsasia baba
kakao : alibaba 's ant financial to invest in 200 million @shuli_ren korea baba china
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures signal higher start on wall street spy uso blmn dgas hd wmt ll
dragonfly capital - 4 trade ideas in goldman sachs : bonus idea gs spy
gs delighted to support @serpentineuk for the 3rd year . look forward to seeing this year s pavilion by @fuergando
rt @valaafshar : . @amazon accounts for 43 % of us online retail sales amzn
yhoo discount to nav still attractive especially considering tax backdrop . yes , i 'm long
11 important hedge fund terms you should know knowledge is power fb twtr
rt @igcom : tesla tsla earnings look ahead , report out on 22nd feb :
another new high from the morning set up iwm
aapl breaks out ( long ) - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
google home adds shopping capabilities goog
google home adds shopping capabilities goog
google home adds shopping capabilities goog by @biintelligence
tesla reports earnings this wednesday and here 's the one chart everyone is watching : tsla
... in fact , the 20-day correlation between the spx and vix has flipped positive - first time dec 2013 :
market notches new highs ; tesla snaps back ahead of wednesday earnings : wmt amzn hd tsla nvda amat ntes tal
rt @engelsangle : csx confirms layoffs of 1,000 management employees ... and notes majority of those impacted are in jacksonville @wokvnews
rt @scottbudman : both tesla and amazon are trading at all time highs right now . tsla amzn
stocks appear to be headed toward new highs amid mixed bag of earnings m hd wmt spy uso vxx
both tesla and amazon are trading at all time highs right now . tsla amzn
celg so you 're saying there 's chance ? ... lol ( long )
twilio , the hottest stock among shorts twlo xom shld epe gpro tsla
valuations soar as markets rally : s & amp ; p 's highest forward p/e ratio since 2004 cpk spy
online grocer freshdirect is taking on amazon and wal-mart @jensaidit wmt amzn
apple aapl strikes against eu in 14b tax case
apple has n't lost its edge in china aapl
. @teslamotors only needs to gain another 13 % to catch @ford at its current valuation . tsla f
the iphone 8 could have a next-generation selfie camera aapl
most active options : amzn , fb , fcx , bac , aapl @marleykayden
amazon is lowering the minimum amount non-prime members have to spend for free shipping to 35 from 49 : amzn
under armour launch , sturdy dividend may be safety net support for kohl 's amzn kss uaa
tesla s up 55 % from its december low here s how @riskreversal is trading it tsla
the top 30 millionaire habits you should utilize see what 's worked for others then you try too fb twtr
aapl yes .
it 's a bull fight ! amazon vs. walmart . i 'm in amzn corner . who will win the battle ? catch @cnbc 1:30 pm pst
tesla shares are up 50 % over the past three months : the great mystery behind tsla 's rally
quick poll : a breakdown of 800 gs securities division clients on their areas of focus for february .
stock indexes jog higher ; wal-mart , boeing and chevron set pace : wmt ba unh cvx hd ms
arconic ca n't wait ? arnc , aka the sexier part of the old alcoa , is up 65 % ytd ! top performer in the s & amp ; p 500. and aa is up more than 30 % !
the biggest name in cutting edge wearable tech is ... warren buffett ? aapl fit goog
rt @srussolillo : tesla shares are up 50 % over the past three months : the great mystery behind tsla 's rally
aapl ath on delivery of my 2nd pair of airpods ( which are much better than the beatsx for the same price ... dork l
rt @davidgzeiler : preciousmetals analysts see a strong year ahead for gold : investing goldprice gld
home depot can still offer one thing amazon ca n't @melodyhahm hd amzn
too big to fail again ? these 10 stocks are nearly 25 % of s & amp ; p 500 market value ! aapl googl msft brk.b amzn fb cmcsa xom jnj jpm
rt @t3live : market recap : wmt flips the script on amzn , oil surges :
on @cnbcclosingbell now . tune in . amzn wmt
shares of wmt up 3 % today as walmart works to capture market share from amzn
icymi : the dow just posted its 8th straight positive session . that 's its first 8-day winning streak since its 9-day streak last july . djia
after twitter 's foray into nfl broadcasts , facebook is reportedly in talks to stream 1 mlb game per week .
get inspired by how i bought my ferrari you 've got ta enjoy the benefits of hard work ! fb twtr
rt @optionsaction : tesla s up 55 % from its december low here s how @riskreversal is trading it tsla
adbe is a fabulous company and a great stock -- big holding for
the old four horsemen are riding high amzn fb nflx goog msft intc csco orcl via @aztecs99
fast-food stocks have been hot this year . check out the performance in dpz mcd yum dnkn pzza
aapl strong finish -- new all-time closing high see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
qqq using options in nasdaq-100 to find and execute on edge * movie below * link here
tesla reports after the close tomorrow , the numbers are important but we are waiting to hear about model3 timeline and ramp up . tsla
another record day for stocks . new highs strong market . rates are low . earnings solid . nvidia big mover today and tesla too . nvda tsla
major etfs at all-time highs today ... spy iwm qqq dia vti mdy xli kre xly ijr ivv voo vtv vig dvy rsp vb soxx hyg jnk
rt @wallstjesus : sweepers still bullish amd | c today 's bank of choice | wiseguys open top oi position in pbi | action in review :
dow stocks hitting all-time highs today ... aapl ba gs hd jpm mmm pg v
@jakscholes we know , we take elon plus 3 month . tsla
dow closed at an all-time high for the 8th consecutive trading day , tied for the longest streak since 1987 . djia
terrific tuesday - market comes back with higher highs dxd bbby spx also hrb ibm slw
overbought does n't mean over via @jkrinskymkm spx qqq
apple closes at record high for 5th time in 6 sessions , but analyst says iphone8 excitement needs to be tamed
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time highs jumps to 103 stocks ( new 2017 high ) . fins , industrials , tech lead . xlf xli xlk
here 's what twitter thinks investors are missing about its business . twtr
tesla , mobileye are in buy range ahead of earnings : investing action plan tsla mbly wb
picture-in-picture ( minimize video ) now fully rolled out on ios for live premium video on twitter golive twtr
7 stocks with accelerating , triple-digit earnings growth nflx idcc cohr amat brks
in 2013 i did a podcast with @jason and asked 'what if the markets are ... what if same today ... goog fb aapl
stocks ! s & amp ; p500 up 24 % from feb 16 lows . `` nothing can stop this glorious rally ! '' agreed everyone . spx
5 stocks likely to benefit from apple iphone 8 upgrade supercycle aapl avgo amat idti
rt @richbtig : picture-in-picture ( minimize video ) now fully rolled out on ios for live premium video on twitter golive twtr
stocks near a buy zone : will these 3 growth stocks break out ? panw ffiv midd
rt @charliebilello : s & amp ; p 500 : 45 trading days without a 1 % intraday move , the most peaceful market in history . spx serenity
oil is up , but good growth is hard to find among the supermajors @crystalkimmm oil uso xle amlp cvx xom
intc easily one of the most powerful use of stop losses i have ever seen in options
intc this is real -- careful option trading turned an 8 % loss into a 105 % gain . read how :
s & amp ; p 500 : 45 trading days without a 1 % intraday move , the most peaceful market in history . spx serenity
s & amp ; p 500 etf hit its 11th all-time high of the year today . history going back to its inception in 1993 . spy