@microsoft fared well in 2016 , but how will it do in the new year ? msft
. @twitter 's top china executive leaves after 8 months twtr
might be a 'sell ' simply because of its valuation : amzn
@fredwilson have n't said this in a while , but aapl prob has a hit with airpods , i own 2 pair . sadly , wo n't move needle on 215b rev base .
rt @ophirgottlieb : twitter china head kathy chen leaves company - twtr
twitter china head kathy chen leaves company - twtr
spx futures snapping back 14 to re-test the broken pennant- 2255ish is resistance . can bears reject price there . or do we get constructive
rt @ritholtz : today in 1977 : apple computer corp. is incorporated by steve jobs and steve wozniak aapl
nq nasdaq-100 failed breakout ( or washout ) , followed by bounce to new resistance . qqq
here 's today 's free morning call express . levels & amp ; thoughts as we see if today 's strength holds and builds spx
7 things younger than @apple 's iphone as the device prepares to turn 10 years old aapl amzn fb nflx tsla
financials : jpm ms gs c wfc
rt @bwilliliou : can @brentlsaunders shed allergan 's specialty pharma label for good ? @maxnisen @bfly agn
drifting lower for the last 20 minutes ... .russell 2000 , 2017 leader , getting close to unch ! iwm spy
why trump 's hopes of 4 % economic growth may come up short : by @lanceroberts spy spx qqq
no , higher productivity is n't what drives a company 's stock price : spx djia
quick spy chart - another lower high in a bigger new descending channel . not much `` new info ''
rt @thestreet : a mcdonald 's opened last week outside of vatican city to the disdain of senior cardinals : mcd
drug companies seek to avoid public outcry , raises prices by just under 10 percent agn
we should have taken our own advice about amd and nvda via @barronstechblog
without a step function improvement , truly viable bots might be years off . bots fb amzn
a reminder how tricky commodity investing can be : natural gas was up big in 2016 , but ung etf rose just 7 % and 3x
gs got rejected at 245 and could n't hold 242 and went red . some clues for lack of commitment
lots of sectors failed to hold friday 's highs and then went red as well . like iwm as example
nvidia was one of the best-performing large cap stocks in 2016. but this is how it 's starting 2017 : nvda
money sloshing around jnug wft gdx fit and a little uso on this mixed bag day .
4 reasons twitter shares should be sold twtr crm dis goog
why apple wo n't get a deal to make iphones in india - bloomberg aapl :
that barron 's call on aapl did n't exactly pan out
loup ventures munster bails on piper , launches seed stage fund - aapl
rt @kidkapital : biggest question re : aapl according to @adamlashinsky , can the company regain its innovative spirit post-steve jobs ?
here 's @adamlashinsky to talk about all things @apple ! cheddarlive aapl
rt @adamfeuerstein : gild finally found someone to take charge of their oncology drugs .
tsla affirmed guidance on 10/26 . `` short term production challenges '' evidently started less than a week later .
just in : tesla shares down 4 percent in extended trading after company releases fourth-quarter vehicle production and deliveries tsla
tesla down 3 percent right now after release of production and deliveries figures tsla
`` i 'm a liberal elite , out of touch so ive decided to see how the 'other half ' lives. `` zuck tours the nation in 201
alcoa aa said expects restructuring-related charges of us 0.66 a share in q416 off 0.97 % a/h - set to report in us jan 09 , 2017 ausbiz
2017 is a prime number ! spx avg gain over last 5 prime years : 16 pct ; wallstreet stocks markets maths
tesla tsla down 2.3 % a/h tesla said it produced 24,882 vehicles in 4q for 2016 83,922 vehicles up 64 % missed on d
rt @selerity : breaking : tesla motors tsla q4 vehicle deliveries , 22,200 vs. guidance of just over 25,000 .
alessandro riva leaves nvs for gild to head up oncology and hematology .
netflix watchers should be mindful of three things in 2017 , says @barronsnext , and only one of those is trump : nflx
@mathewi if u ever get the urge to quit let me know beforehand so i can short twtr stock
shutterfly taken to task by @megynkelly for failing to deliver order sfly twtr
updated : tesla narrowly misses 80,000-vehicle sales goal in 2016 tsla
spy put a low in at 223.88 . your first support point of reference in 2017. see if it can clear and stay above 225.83 for more ++action
lowest number of spx tech companies issuing negative eps guidance for a quarter since q3 2010 .
alibaba sues sellers of counterfeit goods for the first time after it was blacklisted by the us
icymi : will trump effect push tech titans to bring more jobs back to u.s. ? aapl msft ibm
rt @davidschawel : sometimes hard to wrap your head around amzn
tesla narrowly misses 80,000-vehicle sales goal in 2016 tsla
tsla tesla motors q4 deliveries 22,200 vs streetaccount consensus 25,430 covered on @morningsmaria by @cherylcasone @dagenmcdowell
aapl reported cut in iphone production is no reason to doubt the stock
rt @factset : lowest number of spx tech companies issuing negative eps guidance for a quarter since q3 2010 .
if there was a game that combined musical chairs with a giant game of chicken , it would be called `` the 2017 stock market . '' spx ndx
disclaimer : these tweets come from a salty twtr shareholder @jack
tesla is down 3 % today after missing its own guidance for vehicle deliveries in 2016 . 76,230 delivered vs its 80,000-90,000 goal tsla
rt @rorol : trump 's pick for sec brings m & amp ; a , ipo experinece ; but lacks management , enforcement knowhow . also , too close to gs ?
exxon mobil has reached an agreement for tillerson 's exit that should ease many conflict of interest concerns :
there is no thirst like fb chrome notifications which i i keep turning off but keep coming back . do you ~ want ~ me to delete my account ? ?
rt @stocktwits : could you have held through this ? these are the biggest amzn drawdowns since 1997. a chart by @michaelbatnick .
dead cat bounces and armchair contrarians spx
for more on goldman sachs and sec investigative activity of the big banks , see our report ( now free ) from 2014 gs
do any of our @twitter viewers own a tesla ? have you come across any charging problems ? cheddarlive tsla
despite terrible wearables market , fitbit and garmin plan new devices . tune in ! cheddarlive golive fit grmn
pulling back the aperture on the spx
time to short 2016 's biggest winners nvda tmus via @investopedia
rt @rorol : xom deal for tillerson 's exit eases some conflicts , not all : @emilystewartm
rather than buy it . i 've started a twtr jar . deposit 100 when you think it 's bottomed . much cheaper ! !
rt @linnaneciara : how trump-related uncertainty is bringing out the health-care stock bears alxn agn
how much did carmaker incentives , threat of higher financing rates pull demand forward in 2016 ? gm f tsla
rt @barronsnext : here 's how trump administration changes could impact netflix . nflx
spx futures -3 after a big 2 day rally . holding 2261 keeps the momentum strong . below that is 2245. pivot resistance is 2272 then 2277 ath+
apple pulls new york times apps in china after government request aapl
rt @mktsinsider : after surging over +4 % yesterday , tesla looks to start the day down . tsla
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures edge lower ahead of jobs data spy uso ceb it kool m kss
tech giants seem invincible . that worries lawmakers . - the new york times amzn aapl fb msft googl
rt @qtrresearch : reverse head and shoulders , triple bottom , whatever you want to call this - gild may have finally bottomed
rt @davidgzeiler : why apple investors should just ignore those iphone production cut stories : stocks aapl
only thing worse is twitter management . they 've lost live to facebook . no one is on periscope anymore . facebook live is amazing . fb twtr
lawsuit seeks to ban google from us government contracts googl
why is n't twitter taking advantage of trump tweet publicity ? twtr
here 's what @elonmusk calls the biggest risk to bringing model 3 to market on time tsla
banks fading hard , meanwhile gdx gld jnug runnin . jnug buyers gettin paid
rt @mktsinsider : elon musk and donald trump suddenly have an awkward alignment that 'really seemed to sneak up on people ' tsla
the state of retail in a nutshell . xrt retail etf down more than 2 % today after lousy brick and mortar news from m kss . but amzn up 2 % .
given nflx traditional earnings volatility , all price action into jan 18th is just a trade .
banks kbe and retail xrt weighing on stocks and the dow . wmt gs jpm
billionaire warren buffett says he caps spending at mcdonald s on stock market s down days spx djia brka brkb
my @forbes article on top tech trends for 2017 just dropped . ces tsla fb nvda @cheddar
amazon 's patent on one-click payments to expire amzn
apple pulls @nytimes app in china after government request aapl
the 10 spx stocks projected to see the largest price drops over the next 12 months .
nvidia at ces2017 : 3 big announcements leave investors with 5 major questions nvda amd fb goog
'everybody trying to do their own gig online is going to migrate to
what would happen if @costco raised its membership fee this year ? cost
rt @foxbusiness : apple pulls @nytimes app in china after government request aapl
rt @canuck2usa : twtr hate to say this but it looks like it may have a long in it trade what you see not what you feel
a look at the potential impact of u.s. policy changes vs. hype : @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
trump bump may be overdone for fannie and freddie -- and tesla on the latest @wsjheard podcast fnma fmcc tsla
gambling industry is cray cray wyn lvs mgm
yikes . looks like twtr briefly spiked on a bogus tweet ( meta alert ) suggesting that company was considering booting ceo jack dorsey . ouch .
rt @toddsalamone : stocks that are lower today amid upgrades : bac zion luv vlo wdc
credit suisse : beware of 25 stocks everyone already owns via @newsmax aapl msft fb googl
it is curious . but i think some frustrated with dorsey running twtr & amp ; sq as opposed to choosing one . stretched to
. @teslamotors ' gigafactory sparks warning from @goldmansachs , @morganstanley . tesla cars tsla
our pharma analyst irina koffler is n't surprised by the latest guidance from agn . read why :
esg capital settles suit over facebook shares | new york post fb
shopify shares pop as old deal with amazon mistakenly reported as new amzn shop
amazon alexa wants to control your home amzn ces2017
execs giving ces2017 keynote speeches could create volatility for shareholders ccl cmcsa expe nvda jnj foxa
rt @shaneblackmon : regn halted news pending
rt @lamonicabuzz : yikes . looks like twtr briefly spiked on a bogus tweet ( meta alert ) suggesting that company was considering booting ceo
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high list falls to 12 stocks with financials the only small standout . xlf
spx target price of industry analysts is 2456.39. they have overestimated actual price by 7 % on average .
a 5 bln amgn market cap bump as judge tells regn ( shares halted ) to pull competing cholesertrol drug from market
regn was one the top large-cap shorts for 2017 in recent jpm buyside survey . but so was amgn
link to full regn sny amgn court ruling ( thank you streetaccount )
regn tells me of injunction decision : `` we believe we do not infringe any valid patents and are very much looking forward to the appeal . ''
big scoop of the night : @morganstanley will cut equity trader 's bonuses by up to 4 % via @hugh_son ms
rt @wallstcynic : if you are buying baba because you think the new sec chair is going to go easy on them , then what do you actually think o
aapl -- hated by institutions . i say follow the revenue stream from services ...
chardan : amgn temporary stay during sny regn appeal likely . appeal court prob upholds injunction . settlement after injunction unlikely
regn early pre-market trades around 350 ( from 380 ) .
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures edge lower ; all eyes on jobs report spy uso mcd gps gbx mdp
mr. riggio said he was concerned about that development but declined to comment further . bks amzn
after a court halts regeneron 's sales of praluent , @jimcramer sees opportunity in amgen :
sto next week spy 230 calls at 20c , creates jan 13/jan 230 call calendar now with -4c basis
get out of shares of mu while the getting is good
this troll bought and sold twtr at 23
game changer . if you do n't get the nvidia story , clearly andrew left does not . think long term . gaming vr iot
i 'm on the sidelines in fla but this looks like some good ol ' fashioned acne . spx
this is what happens when you own both the yam and the knife . msft encouraging people ditch mozilla for edge .
rt @wsjpodcasts : amazon 's latest move ? @nateog tells @wsjtanya it 's firing up third-party tvs . amzn
had to trim some amzn calls here , from wednesday . two day move to big not to sell some . still in both stock and options
rt @stocktwits : yep . the dow hit 19,999.63 and then ... djia dia
why is it so difficult to buy drug stocks right now ? @jimcramer weighs in : celg agn
dow20k , vix tumbles , @jonnajarian trades in stx , bmy calls
goog : `` over the past few days we ve played some unofficial online games [ ... ] we re excited by the results . '' no shit .
do you think apple 's iphone sales will rebound with the introduction of their next smartphone ? aapl cheddarlive
googl fb amzn aapl just an unadulterated 1-day rip
another sign of a market top ? fb
the djia fell just shy of 20,000 today . here 's why ...
@adammarx13 @adamsinger @muz4now @digitalmusicnws interesting . they have no revenue model i guess . why no apple step in . or p . ? ? ? aapl
@arampell @a16z @techmeme amadumb why in gods name would you build a brick and mortar store . guilt amzn amazon
i will always cut through bs lies like these such an annoyance fb twtr
googl selling put spreads , versus owning stock over the last 3-years .
disruptive innovation ... and mobile ads still are less than 20 % of total advertising ... entering the steep part of
apple 's iphone turns 10 today . i take a look at how significant it was and the challenges that lie ahead aapl
study : hackers say mass surveillance is cybersecurity 's no . 1 threat in 2017 aapl msft yhoo
rt @arkinvest : not only is bitcoin bigger than twtr by market cap , it is less volatile too !
campbell brown 's move to facebook is an education in poor reporting fb devos teachers via @poynter
mcd mcdonalds getting out of a market they could n't manage anymore after easy money made ! question now is how do
he got it taken away which is similar to taking his arm off . had to order a new family ipad . this might be happening all around . aapl
the djia average is sliding in pre-market hours . here 's why :
rt @bwilliliou : mcdonald 's in china is a tall order for citic @nishagopalanhk via @bfly mcd
here s how @riskreversal is trading tech qqq
googl selling put spreads as a gem to out-perform the stock
gild presenting in smaller colonial room , not grand ballroom . let s hope that was just a scheduling issue . jpm17
5 words millionaires understand better than other people get used to them fb twtr
@dsarna i 've gone after politicians left and right . this is not guilt by association . sec nominee 's fingerprints are on baba ipo docs .
@dsarna this was a lawyer involved in a major financial transaction ( baba 's ipo ) , not defending a client in court .
will republicans seek to fast track trump 's sec nominee without full vetting ? he represented baba , baba is under investigation by sec .
someone was up to something naughty in ddd | foul ball | @wallstjesus
7 industries apple 's iphone disrupted or destroyed : aapl
bank of america gets sued over dispute with the fdic over not paying what could be a 1 billion bill bac
rt @valaafshar : 2009 : he was rejected by twitter and facebook 2014 : sold his company whatsapp to fb for 21b mondaymotivation
valeant to sell 2.1b in assets vrx vrx.ca
iwm could raise some eyebrows with a hard move and close below 134.50 ( use that as today 's pivot )
europe off small and trading sideways for a week or so . in asia the nikkei gives back .79 % hk tacks on .83 % . spx futures flattish .
valeant to sell 2.1 billion in assets to pay down debt vrx
rt @wallstjesus : monday 's wiseguy sweepers , unusual flow & amp ; sentiment & gt ; & gt ; spy qqq ypf ddd xlv aapl sbux
in the hot air department : alibaba promises trump 1 million jobs , but don t believe it , by @jbooton baba
rt @lamonicabuzz : garage sale at valeant . vrx up 13 % . selling skin care brands to l'oreal for 1.3b and dendreon cancer unit to china 's sa
trumponomics divides investors as gld etf flows diverge . via @markets
cramer 's mad dash vrx `` i think valeant was talking at one point about rolling back some prices , i want to know which drugs ''
alibaba 's promise to create 1 million u.s. jobs is vague & amp ; misleading : baba via @sherisse
yhoo closed its deal to sell its core business to verizon . company will rename itself to altaba
the djia is sliding today ahead of a busy earnings season . learn more :
rt @unhedgedchatter : the competitive moats of pypl and wu are increasingly imaginary .
video gs economist zach pandl on rising wages and why the us is nearing full employment
whatsapp , gmail roped into tougher eu privacy proposal - googl fb ... good
cramer 's stop trading wynn lvs - a focus on macau gaming
aapl shh.. is there a mis-pricing in apple options ahead of earnings ?
amazon lags behind apple , google , and facebook on renewable energy amzn
rt @thestreet : . @jimcramer calls banking stocks very tricky : c wfc gs bac
let 's not get too excited - valeant still has a big debt pile to dig out of @maxnisen via
new valeant = old valeant : wells fargo lrlcy vrx
the guy who created one of apple 's most beloved technologies is leaving apple aapl
end of a stock-market era : alcoa breaks tradition of being first to report earnings aa arnc
rt @techguard1 : ottlegalrebels : rt cgledhill : microsoft ceo satya nadella spoke at the fintech ideas festival ms
spx futs up 1 as this upper range tries to hold . important support area 2260-2265. a hard close below gets bears growling . resistance 2282
mike khouw sees unusual activity options in freeport-mcmoran fcx
nearly 200 s & amp ; p 500 stocks are now in correction territory endp fslr nem nvda
credit suisse : fangs will increase r & amp ; d spend this year as large cap tech focuses on product development in 2017. to
after continuing to disappoint investors , allergan is set to shift its focus towards accretive m & amp ; a :
new draft chinese regulations would drastically limit aws , microsoft 's roles in their chinese operations amzn msft
it 's no secret that exxonmobil and rex tillerson have deep ties to russia : xom
acushnet vs. costco : titleist is seeing an unusual competitor in golf cost ely golf amzn
rt @francesdonald : was worried about potential hits to c heading into the trump presser . now i 'm worried about pharma stocks .
aapl how to trade apple earnings options
rt @6ft2breadwinner : @karenhunter @ghawkinz man . trump tanking the entire pharma sector . check out labu vrx ect
watching trump : market focuses on press conference amid lack of data , earnings spu uso vxx
rt @zacharybrennan : celg ceo favors an eu/uk-like value system w/price based on value to society . gal : `` no way '' most of biopharma industry
. @timkaine grilling tillerson on xom 's knowledge of climate change - tillerson says he both lacks knowledge & amp ; refuses to answer question
rivals gang up on tsla over charging infrastructure via @fortunemag
re : trump , here 's agn 's @brentlsaunders from the forbes healthcare summit . good call , brent . bet you feel bad abou
tillerson : no confidentiality agreement in place re xom . but i ll get back to you .
rt @realjacobbell : pharma execs discuss tackling the industry 's biggest issue : pricing agn alks jpm17
@matthewherper i wish i was wrong . agn socialcontract
. @spettypi @adamfeuerstein not all of pharma . regn len schleifer and @brentlsaunders seemed pretty aware of what wa
julia , a dishwasher for 15 years , says she was unfairly terminated from her job at @wholefoods wfm reinstatejulia
why alibaba 's 1 million u.s. jobs pledge should n't be taken at face value baba
with lattner and casebolt additions , tesla continues to poach apple 's talent aapl tsla
bought some mcd jan 122 calls 67c
ubs wants you to sell citi shares ; here 's why c
amazon to pay c 1.1 million to settle canada pricing case amzn
mixed markets , ibb & amp ; xlv fall on trump talk . @jonnajarian buys calls in mdlz & amp ; crm .
rt @firstadopter : peter thiel compares tsla elon musk to donald trump - & gt ;
updated : here 's how trump drug price comments flew with the ceos of abbv , myl , regn , agn
us charges three foreign exchange traders - bbc news jpm c forex
pc market consolidates around lenovo , hp , dell ; apple fades : hpq dvmt aapl msft
amazon halts sales of indian flag doormat after visa threat amzn
apple down in pre-market . wonder how much this is over concerns about how much it could spend on content aapl
good morning . mixed/red markets around the world . in europe the ftse-.28 % dax-.58 % cac-.32 % . in asia the nikkei-1.1 % hk-.46 % . spx futs-7
earnings preview : goldman sachs q4 2016 gs
huh . apple tv might end up really being apple tv via @wsj aapl
a peek into the markets : stock futures drop ahead of jobless claims , fed speakers spy uso dal dis hsgx kbh
spx now below 8/21day as upper level loses some momentum . see if it stays below 2260 . 50day is down at 2215
macy 's , not amazon , is responsible for its own failures amzn m
affordable housing crisis continues to weigh on american middle class fb xhb xlb
prediction ( why not ) : nflx gets acquired this year by a tech or media giant .
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` do n't expect this low volatility to last forever '' by @optiontradiniq spy vix
jim cramer : the iphone is an 'old product ' aapl
wow ! still so many mad people out there . this amzn was posted at 8:35ish lots of time to execute - geez
i would say , given how long i have pressed for this transaction and how low nflx was when i pitched it , it ai n't .
gild 's robin washington advice to @womeninbio crowd : `` figure out how to get comfortable being uncomfortable ''
what happens when gold is oversold ? gld
host @palmermx explains reverse split in uvxy . vix remains relatively low despite 100k call buyer . spx drops..
i figured we were due for a down day at some point . all the banks report tomorrow and earnings season begins ! xlf kre stocks banks
why companies are willing to let trump take credit for previously-planned job creation amzn baba dow
qqq spx today was not a sell-off , it was rounding error .
rt @russellrhoads : working on next week 's earnings blog thought i 'd share ibm has dropped on 11 of last 12 earnings ibm reports next thurs .
amzn us jobs , chk selling assets , fb price target lowered , aapl original content , bac earnings..
despite the focus on @realdonaldtrump 's tweets , why is n't twtr benefiting more ? neil doshi discusses w/ @bytomlee .
apple : @wellsfargo chops 5b off march revenue estimates on iphone weakness aapl
`` when mistakes are constantly in your favor - they 're not mistakes , they 're lies . '' @profgalloway fb
ms analyst adam jonas : `` development and testing of autonomous cars could involve potentially significant numbers of civilian casualties . ''
yesterday 's top ftse100 fallers - assoc . british foods abf , shire pharma shp , dixons carphone dc. , carnival ccl and tesco tsco
spx futs up 3 after two sessions of volatility . 2260 did hold again with a close above . new pivot support is 2254 resistance is 2277-2282
breaking : bank of america bac q4 revenue , 20.22b vs. 20.89b expected
bank of america shed more jobs in the fourth quarter : 985 positions . bac charobs
coming up : watch @alexistvnews @rickjnewman @spyjared talk bac jpm wfc bank earnings , tsla , & amp ; robots taking job .
rt @lamonicabuzz : bac does n't mention trump in earnings release . but alludes to fed . says well-positioned to grow with `` backdrop of rising .
jpmorgan q4 beats , bank of america mixed , wells fargo misses jpm bac wfc
netflix is spending more on domestic content this year than all the networks except abc , sports excluded . nflx
god please let donald trump tweet something bad about netflix nflx
. @jimcramer looks at whether limitations on facebook 's ad load could stifle the stock 's rally : .
rt @thestreet : . @jimcramer looks at whether limitations on facebook 's ad load could stifle the stock 's rally : fb .
intel on intel jhonsa sits down with intc execs to talk 5g and vr
blackrock 's fink is n't lending his support to trump 's plan to repatriate trillions of dollars aapl blk spy
yeah not the kind of bump that s going to do it spy
rt @frankmottek : facebook outage reported widespread in us and europe , timeline not loading , other issues @facebook fb @knx1070 @cbsla @.
machine-learning algorithm identifies tweets sent under the influence of alcohol - via @techreview twtr
i wish someone had taught me these rules earlier in my career so i hope they help you now fb twtr
starbucks is ending its `` evenings '' program via @forbes - sbux
spx up -bank earnings , vix under pressure , vvix @92 , long holiday weekend , activity in feb options . host .
. @jimcramer does not find morgan stanley as exciting as goldman sachs : ms gs
apple analyst says 'no doubt ' its best days have passed aapl
rt @waldensiew : these social giants already know everything else about you . is your bank account next ? goog amzn fb
opec ca n't stop economics and the shale is happening again . oil eog pe chk u.s. shale 's great reawakening
lebron 's james ' new sneakers -- released friday with 46 pairs -- come in a hardwood box made from the cleveland cav .
if i could , i would short snap . ig sucked up all users . open both apps and compare to 6 months ago ! ( does that mean buying fb ? probably . )
apple 's getting outdone by the maker of your old car gps device . aapl grmn
how animal spirits will affect the market in 2017 spy spx
for real tho , the fb governance fetish is going to rek a company or two .
3 reasons i 'm not very smart i admit it , it 's okay fb twtr
greenpeace video wants subscribers to shame netflix on energy use nflx amzn
investors see dollar overvalued , cautious on trump trade : merrill survey via @barronsasia dxy usd spy eem
tsla announces lifelong supercharging is no longer free in china via @forbes
spy below friday 's low of 226.69 . see if it stays below , or not ! under that support is 225.89 . pivot resistance is 227.40
spx futs -7 below fri. low of 2271 ( see if they stay below ) .upper support is 2260 with last weeks low at 2254. today should be interesting
checking out @morganstanley release for details on this trading beat . of interest : risk in fx trading only item rising from 3q or 4q16 ms
bears growled all weekend- spx futures down 6-7. not 20-30. which is why , it 's better to enjoy weekend & amp ; then looks 4 set ups . not crashes
live now @bankofamerica ceo brian moynihan bac
spx futures down 6-7 handles- some levels & amp ; thoughts as bears try again .
no fun without regn ceo there too .
@adamfeuerstein to me , it means our system does a terrible job re : hep c drugs . there should be more access , gild should make more money .
the volatility cycle stocks spx
pre-market trading & amp ; why it 's important make sure you know these basic fundamentals fb twtr
stock futures drag as merger news lifts reynolds , luxottica , noble rai bti nbl lux .
again why is ms down after good earnings ? makes no sense unless a bear mkt @realdonaldtrump scenario now being priced into stocks
donald trump : u.s. dollar is 'too strong ' gdx gld jnug
stocks in the red in early trading on wall st , with financials a drag despite strong earnings from morgan stanley . spx -0.3 % , ms -2.0 %
amazon does n't deliver lumber to job sites so home-improvement stores are still posting steady gains : .
why doesn t mcdonald s distribute its food waste to the homeless every day ? grc mcd
spy did hold the 30 minute low . that 's your new point of reference on the day 226.07 . now lifting and trying to reclaim fri. low
3 catalysts drive jpmorgan 's downgrade of chipotle cmg mcd sbux yum
some `` active reasons '' to reduce if u trade each day . tsla rdr around 237.85 had me sell . nflx sold green to red . & amp ; also amzn below 811
rex tillerson 's last deal ? exxon to pay 6b to bass family for permian oil via @forbes @chrishelman xom
facebook is down tuesday , but is it setting up a breakout ahead of q4 earnings ? fb googl nflx amzn
indian privacy case against whatsapp gains momentum | pcworld fb
. @riskreversal trading earnings vol in nflx
transports have been on quite the run recently - we 'll hear from both csx & amp ; ual ceos when they release earnings a .
solid results for morgan stanley . but ms down 3 % . gs c down too . both report tomorrow . trump rally over ? brexit worries after may speech ?
brian moynihan says @bankofamerica still thinks premature to figure out where it will relocate post- brexit .
any accountants out there , can @jack get a deduction for the 5k donation if twtr continues do do nothing to stem .
. @jimcramer wants to know if there is anyone left to upgrade netflix : nflx
@dasan `` the numbers are bullshit '' is where i always end up . baba
winners and losers from trump 's u.s. dollar comments uup cew gld ko udn wmt mcd
should facebook investors start worrying about snap 's ipo ? fb
banks sold down with ms today as it went red and could n't hold morning gains . iwm also on weaker side .
going on now at `` government sachs '' gs
well , yes . the big problem is unwillingness to write a big check that saves money over time . gild
morgan stanley cuts apple estimates and predicts an iphone 7 sales slump for 2017 aapl
amazon could soon disrupt america 's largest clothing stores - amzn
5 out of 5 economists agree : there ai n't no such thing as free shipping . amzn
why apparel retailers moved higher on trump 's comments about the dollar coh gld hbi nke rl xrt
united airlines q4 beats , but q1 costs to surge ; csx q4 mixed ual csx
here we go again with c shortfall on equity trading but overall positive numbers
gs shares drop on earnings 1 minute @igcom chart 4q eps 5.08 , may not compare with estimates of 4.84
goldman sachs gs stock currently -1.6 % in premarket trading on 15k shares of volume in immediate reax to earnings .
rt @cheddar : to win the fight against fake news , @storyful 's @mjenkins says fb needs to incentivize users to read & amp ; share verified reports .
aapl already mentioned by chinese media as high profile target for retaliation in a trade war .
confirming the ovious . change needs to come to apple . fast . aapl innovation decline .
after realizing live video is hard to do , @kurtwagner8 says many people wonder if fb will pay publishers for premi .
podcast : back from davos @scaramucci on @cnbc splk hpt @kevinolearytv running nflx at the close : via
why i m not putting a lot of stock in these last gasp obama era cases against at & amp ; t , qualcomm , oracle t orcl qcom
@mansfieldforpa agree with both of you . they are stripping it down for sale . let 's see if they can get it done . twtr
at current levels , goldman sachs shares remain roughly 5.3 % below their all-time high of 247.92 : .
the app store is present in china , where app-related spending skyrocketed last year , and google play is n't : .
twitter sells fabric to google . this is a puzzling transaction as this is an app analytics company that twitter ads used . twtr goog
gs ' ceo lloyd blankfein talks markets & amp ; economic growth @cnbc @andrewrsorkin @beckyquick @joesquawk wef17
mixed mkt , vix up 5 % , nflx bearish sentiment , unusual activity tmus & amp ; hpt @jonnajarian
today s stocks losers : jcp , csx himx
@7wtc @filmprofessor9 @notabubble @yusschr too expensive now . missed their changce . nflx might be bigger than these companies soon ...
. @byrnerws no sense on timing ( selling 'news ' fri maybe too easy ) but the retest of spx 1580 is out there ( -30 % ) ; .
citigroup is the last of the cheap banks , c
netflix has no plans to show live sports nflx
rt @charliebilello : returns , last 10 years ... amzn : +2,038 % wmt : +80 % tgt : +45 % bby : +18 % bbby : -1 % m : -5 % kss : -27 % spls : -54 % jc .
stocks : - trouble for toshiba and takata - ecb announcement - watching @netflix tktdy tosyy nflx
this was a one of those mornings that if you listened to the news they scared you out vs trading the price action .
live now morgan stanley ceo james gorman ms @saraeisen @wilfredfrost davos
fb zuckerberg photos have an eddie haskell feel . the shot w cops looks like loquacious kid trying to talk his way .
wedbush : netflix is overvalued . reiterates under perform while the street goes into overdrive with price-target upgrades nflx
gs ceo lloyd blankfein sits down with @bloomberg 's john micklethwait at wef17
betting on stocks to go down not working out for shorts this morning favorite targets/percent float short tsla 38.2 % nflx 5.8 % chkp 7.5 %
big-box retail : fixed ! i 'm sick of watching retailers lose . here 's how tgt & amp ; wmt can beat amzn
rt @gdinges : whole foods closing 3 regional kitchens , trimming 500 jobs wfm
how will brexit impact @microsoft 's pricing ? the company 's ceo weighs in : msft
no bump to twtr for selling fabric ?
spy ( this friday ) update - large spread bought or sold ( don t know which ) at 224/225 . for now would see as support .
harry dent promo : stocks are gon na crash and `` owning gold during this crisis will only lose you more money ! '' gld
nvda now making its move ...
google is doing a terrible job at shipping its pixel smartphones via @verge - googl
live from trump treasury secretary pick and ex- gs partner steven mnuchin 's confirmation hearing . cheddarlive go .
apple could pay 2.1 billion in interest on unpaid eu taxes | channelnews aapl
target 's challenges 'look structural ' ; goldman downgrades to sell amzn tgt
first week of jan. , i predicted on our sports biz podcast that jack ma and his team would make a splash in 2017..
citigroup unit to pay 25 million over 'spoofing ' in u.s. treasury futures | reuters c
shares : can twtr convince investors of a strong investment case ? losses can exceed deposit .
next week regn and @society4science announce 40 regeneronsts finalists . check out what 's in store for these young .
u.s. closing tesla death probe , wo n't seek recall : source tsla
stocks mostly lower as trump inauguration looms ; real estate lags djia spx ixic
marriott ceo discusses how trump 's win could affect the travel industry mar wef17
as inauguration looms , market participants eager to hear policy plans axp ge ibm twtr nflx uso vxx spy
us regulators expected to close tsla autopilot death investigation via @fortunemag
dissecting the economy @realdonaldtrump is inheriting spy
rt @seeitmarket : the smoothed arms index shows the pullback that has already started beneath the surface spy trin
spx breadth *quietly* 3:1 negative *but* the px action in tran ...
if samsung wants to compete with apple , it needs to start making headlines for the right reasons : .
as part of nhtsa investigation that cleared tsla autopilot , feds looked at dozens of tesla accidents where airbags were deployed .
tesla escapes recall in probe of death linked to autopilot tsla
although netflix ended 2016 on a high note we think investors should steer clear of the firm , here 's why : .
union pacific upside may be limited unp csx via @investopedia
spx to session lows , dow industrials negative for the year
uvxy spy ... something happening tomorrow or something ? what 's going on ? ? : )
alibaba wo n't be collecting a check from the ioc : baba
hbo is still hanging on to what worked in a previous era even as viewing habits have evolved ' .
flow gettin funky in tlt and gld before tomorrow 's bangarang .
bye-bye 20k ? dow industrial avg trading at a 6-week low , on track for its 5th straight loss . nvda lmt csx tsla
is your iphone more expensive because of a qualcomm monopoly ? qcom aapl aapl
uvxy still nervous
.. @hedgeye tgt has the least enviable competitive set in retail , stuck between wmt and amzn . it 's losing and it 's
algos know where that red iwm line is .
axp down half a percent after earnings miss earnings
despite amzn having stakes in content , cloud infrastructure , and more , @cfraresearch says online retail will alway
trump 's commerce secretary nominee explains how u.s. gets screwed in trade spy
this is exactly what fb did in months leading up to ipo
breaking : ibm revenues of 21.8b in the quarter mark the 20th consecutive quarter of revenue declines .
ibm revenue still declining , but effective tax rate for 2016 = 3.6 % i used to joke about them spinning off their tax unit ... .
95 years ago , a survey predicted the us would run out of oil by 1942 uso xom
rt @markarbeter : market spx tightly bound . has led to quick moves in both directions , but mostly lower . major bb constriction . spy
rt @filmprofessor9 : @ophirgottlieb same here , good report with swks after that disaster with foxcon last week . long aapl - bodes well i
rt @rklouie1 : ibm down 2 % after q4 results . ibm notched its 19th consecutive quarter of falling revenue , year on year
the apple tv is a mess and hardly the 'future of tv ' apple advertised aapl
wall street 's m & amp ; a chatter from january 19 alks mrk antm ci ddd ge teva prgo
apple , gm , boeing are china 's top hostages in a trump trade war aapl gm ba qcom sbux
ibm -- bears control the narrative-but how bad is it really ?
so ... fake news triggered a 23 % csx rally , a company with a 35-billion market cap .
mcdonald 's customers could soon taste the effect of higher minimum wages : mcd
downside pre-mkt : bmy , stml , hlf , ati , azn , rio , aig , axp , csx , uvxy , ge , ibm powered by
cool your jets , tesla investors @liamdenning via @bfly tsla
rt @barronsnext : sneaker competition is only going to get worse for nike . nke
no more twitter -- time for fb live for the president
trouble in @citi options trading land : bank pays record spoofing fine via @mattleising @dakincampbell c
analyst predicts 50 % crash for netflix but admits : it is likely that we will be wrong for a while - nflx
nflx with the marketing . seems like they needed a few extra months ... @beauwillimon
oh boy spy ... ... ... welcometrump
goldman cuts stock awards for execs by 5-6 % , but mum on blankfein 's haul . no filing , which suggest it 's 100 % performance-based . gs
rt @timothysykes : learn how to measure your risk tolerance do n't blow your hard-earned cash fb twtr
with a goal of producing model 3 vehicles at an annual rate of 500,000 , tesla will need more factory space :
amazon 's dash button goes online amzn
rt @timothysykes : 5 stock market misconceptions you need to avoid nothing worse than misinformation fb twtr
@cswadley are people still using it ? just noticing twitter removed the stupid moments button . they suck so bad . twtr
`` we broke the window at sbux ! '' - not the weather underground .
apple files 1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier qualcomm aapl qcom via @reuters
if you `` simplify it '' . this is where the spx spy is as of friday . and a basic plan for the week ahead .
rt @timothysykes : do you know what the biggest barrier to wealth is ? major food for thought fb twtr
interesting @ft piece today on last week 's gs protesters , with one worried about the `` financialization '' of the economy @ranaforoohar
qqq - qqq - no steam / spy , dia , iwm coiled up for a pop -
rt @businessinsider : us regulators are investigating why it took so long for yahoo to say it was hacked yhoo vz
us regulators are investigating why it took so long for yahoo to say it was hacked yhoo vz
what to watch : - dollar slump - samsung 's blame game - @mcdonalds earnings ssnlf mcd
yhoo faces probe over data breaches . spent 2yrs not closing vz deal or spinning off baba . but they 'll always dav
spx futs -3 as the world debates & amp ; has opinions on what the new presidency brings . as long as spx 2254-2257 holds . current trends continue
hal reports inline with the estimize eps consensus and misses the estimize revenue consensus by 56.46m -
breaking : halliburton hal q4 revenue , 4b vs. 4.09b expected
earnings from mcdonald 's , halliburton and yahoo on deck monday djia spx comp
min wage is one big reason mcd is selling to franchisees . easterbrook 's credibility w/ owners hangs on corp develo
watch these 8 huge call purchases in monday trade bby exel hygs mcd lyv zts mdlz viab
mcd up this am ( speaking of hidden symbolism ... ) . 1.41eps -1.4 % sss . watch tech rollout ... does n't seem ready
spx futures down 5-6 handles , here are some levels & amp ; thoughts to start the week .
mcdonald 's beats on top and bottom line , but u.s. same-store sales declined 1.3 % via @thestreet mcd
. @nike on list of companies at risk in a u.s.-china trade war via @markets nke
apple is suing qualcomm for 1 billion and that 's slamming its stock right now : qcom aapl
q & amp ; a with hedge fund expert don steinbrugge : rituals , role models and investing in cannabis dia msft qqq spy
these starbucks baristas are calling for paid sick days tobeapartner baristaproblems sbux
the not-so-mighty q . qcom down 12 % after aapl lawsuit . overreaction ? or legit excuse to bail on qualcomm ? thoughts ?
how do pink sheets stocks work ? read up before you risk your hard earned money fb twtr
international customers ca n't get enough of mcdonald 's . but sales are starting to fall in america . so is mcd stock .
u.s. sales slow at @mcdonalds as co laps all-day breakfast success but growth continues abroad . mcd
analyst cuts iphone estimates ahead of apple 's q1 report aapl
what happened to all-day b'fast ? mcdonald s us sales drop for 1st time in 6 quarters /via @globeandmail mcd
chowdhry : oracle is 'toast , ' layoffs in sparc business amzn msft orcl
how apple 's lawsuit threatens qualcomm 's business model via @levynews aapl qcom
nomura cuts qualcomm 3 months after upgrade nxpi qcom
for all of its talk about hiring , ibm has been shrinking its workforce .
fb lookin interesting ...
who cares about yahoo ! earnings -- these two issues will dominate yhoo
busiest week in us reporting season sees 105 spx cos release results . so far not so good . mcd , hal lower on profit & amp ; outlook letdowns
rt @fzucchi : not sure if corp bond issuance makes it to 10b tdy . but it 'll b close ; spreads are a bit wider across the board spx spy
does tidal 's deal with sprint leave apple eyeing pandora ? aapl p s
'the international downward cycle is still playing out ' hal
the number of americans asking for unemployment benefits recently fell to 234,000. the lowest in 43 years spy tlt
foxconn 's u.s. labor payroll could cost 3x as much as chinese equivalent aapl
yahoo earnings after the close . but is this last one before core yhoo sold to vz ? ( assuming deal goes through ? ) there is no call w/ mgmt .
mcdonald 's focus turns to tech as all-day breakfast enthusiasm evens out , us comp sales cool amid strong growth
vz yhoo the tx is now expected to close in q2 of 2017. the company is working expeditiously to close the transaction in q2 .
yahoo delays deal with verizon , says now expects transaction to close in q2 2017 ; had previously expected q1 2017 yhoo vz baba
yahoo ! reports eps 0.25 vs 0.21 est. , sales 1.469b vs 1.38b est . yhoo
shares of boeing ( ba ) , exxon ( xom ) , and ge ( ge ) all fell today after trump signed orders to pull out of the tpp
after 2nd yahoo hack dislosure , looks like yhoo users did n't fully rebound following normal holiday seasonality
yahoo says it 'll take longer than expected to close the verizon deal . yhoo shares up 1 % -- a sign of just how much doubt is out there .
ceo marissa mayer says yahoo it was a `` uniquely eventful past year for yahoo . '' no kidding . yhoo
amazon buying an after-market auto parts company is 'unlikely ' aap amzn azo orly
alibaba is driving shorts nuts baba noposition
sold my googl stock here . 848ish . will sit in calls for earnings thursday
rt @lamonicabuzz : yhoo said in earnings report that vz deal merely delayed to q2 . but vz gave no timeframe . still assessing `` impact of d
rt @mparekh : abundance of options : `` google has a messaging app problem . '' goog via @wsj
the market in 5 minutes : alibaba beats , verizon disappoints aapl aet hum baba lmt vz jnj yhoo watt fdml
@lawandloubs sbux i 've been in do n't have the backend to support 3 lines of incoming orders . baristas working at a foxconn sweatshop pace
@lawandloubs is there a whole separate line for you elites or does everyone not using the app have to suffer your youthful savvy ? sbux
rt @jenishinbollywo : verizon communications inc. misses on earnings , beats on revenue @valuewalk spy
how did apple 's stock perform the last time it was downgraded ? aapl
2017 returns ... short vol : +26 % long vol : -21 % xiv vxx
yes i must warn you about this again because i care ! fb twtr
aa misses the estimize eps consensus by 6c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 79.28m -
isrg misses the estimize eps consensus by 6c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 2.11m -
breaking : alcoa aa q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 0.14 vs. 0.19 expected
my new blog post : `` does e-commerce suck ? '' amzn
commodities : diversification or diworsification ? new post dbc spy agg
rt @katekelly : gs lifts restrictions on departing president gary cohn 's stock , enables him to cash out tens of millions in shares + get 6
ebay 's single life is more volatile : shares have swung at least 10 % in 4 of 5 earnings reports after paypal split
news outlets are abandoning facebook live , instant articles in droves - fb this could be a disaster for twtr
crm never got serious with data
sorry , ipo fans : cisco buys appdynamics two days before it was to go public csco
breaking : freeport-mcmoran fcx q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 0.25 vs. 0.33 expected
trump 's top economic adviser is walking away from @goldmansachs with a 100m+ payout : gs via @jethromullen
lets talk to chuck robbins about csco 's bid for appdynamics
indie bookstores are booming because some people want that personal touch - and some boycott amazon amzn
is it time to short this tech giant ahead of earnings ? qcom qualcomm
apple shares are doing something very unusual aapl
if u want 2 see why retail is out of the market -look at the chart . everyone has been calling crashes since 2012
breaking : las vegas sands lvs q4 revenue , 3.08b vs. 3.11b expected
breaking : las vegas sands lvs q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 0.58 vs. 0.66 expected
breaking : qualcomm qcom q1 revenue , 5.99b vs. 6.12b expected
rt @sdut : apple expands legal war against qualcomm 's cellular patents into china . qcom
lvs misses the estimize eps consensus by 5c and the estimize revenue consensus by 71.78m -
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : qualcomm q1 eps 1.19 vs. 1.18 est . ; q1 revs . 5.99b vs. 6.12b est . qcom
qualcomm reports q1 adj . eps 1.19 vs 1.18 est. , sales 5.99b vs 6.12b est . qcom
ffiv reports inline with the estimize eps consensus and misses the estimize revenue consensus by 3.01m -
@sharatibken @qualcomm @apple yeah this qcom call is all about technology leadership , patents and disagreeing with apple 's assertions .
united tech the latest dow member whose earnings report is n't wrong , but just is n't quite right
google has banned 200 publishers since it passed a new policy against fake news via @recode - googl
ebay misses the estimize eps consensus by 1c and the estimize revenue consensus by 24.80m -
microsoft earnings : expect a bigger shift to the cloud . msft reports tomorrow :
rt @anshelsag : i do n't think i have ever heard such a rebuke as i did listening to this @qualcomm earnings call qcom
rt @anshelsag : @sharatibken @qualcomm @apple yeah this qcom call is all about technology leadership , patents and disagreeing with apple 's
rt @cnntech : . @americanair is eliminating in-seat screens on new jets aal
bac a short put with edge if we avoid earnings cmlviztm
sucking up to big oil tillerson , @elonmusk admits : tsla just one of the many car companies
@navelhunt does the market ultimately reward deals vs buybacks ? vs gild nvs etc . agree , jnj atln makes no sense on valuation basis
no joke : las vegas sands missed earnings estimates in part because of one gamblers excessive luck @jackycwong lvs
this is the one wall street benchmark starbucks badly wants you to forget about sbux
right now cnbc cat b'berg cat abc trump cbs trump fox trump fox biz trump msnbc trump nbc weather news ?
rt @marcomnyc : @ajinsight twtr has all the news yet the company still ca n't capitalize . they should sell pre-made follow lists..boom !
gilead defends hepatitis c treatments on reports of side effects gild
my blog post : `` does e-commerce suck ? '' ecommerce omnichannel amzn
yourmoney : peoria-based @caterpillarinc cat on reports a loss of 1.17 billion in 4th quarter
caterpillar december sales : not so much 'good ' as they are 'less-bad ' cat
downside pre-mkt : mat , agi mck , kold , eurn , has , whr , ul , lvs , pot , qcom powered by
investors certainly will have their questions when alphabet reports earnings after the bell today :
apple vs qualcomm is rapidly deteriorating into a brawl and , potentially , a war , says bernstein analyst stacy rasgon aapl qcom
i wrote this one last time cat warned on profit and stock rose , not today
ffiv intraday bear flag setup
sorry , @starbucks . uber has become the new bff of business travelers sbux
on my blog ... 'if you are heading to a career with the word hedge ... .run ' ... spy
trump 's policies have nike facing one of its biggest threats in history - nke
cat profit warning trims dow a bit . caterpillar says strong cuts 500m from fy rev outlook , & amp ; 5 % fr wall st 's 3.04 est
@pateltexas that scares me ... pcln w earnings really does . how does it look ex-earnings cmlviztm
rt @smileyborg : someone just cashed in their aapl rsus
mms murdering the chasers today , rewarding the spread sellers spy
whole foods is closing their remaining three kitchens : wfm
google 's parent alphabet reports earnings after the bell today , what concerns should googl address ?
a 15-year employee of @wholefoods says she was unfairly terminated from her job wfm reinstatejulia
rt @thebubblebubble : 20t in gov't debt means no lifeline for caterpillar`s declining revenues : @econmatters cat h
rt @chitribbiz : cat s earnings fall short ; inventory of used equipment continues to hamper sales
why the tesla model 3 may not debut this year tsla
shares of qualcomm were slumping because its main customer 'clearly hates ' the chipmaker : qcom aapl
5 huge mistakes i 've made that have cost me millions learn from when you really screw up lol fb twtr
my 1st explanation ( december 2001 ) of the continuation gap reversal trade unfolding in gld this week :
eschew obfuscation ! ! earnings releases are still a confusing mess say @linnaneciara @tomikilgore @retheauditors
donald trump is using a private gmail account to secure the most powerful twitter account in the world googl twtr
are @nintendoamerica shares still plagued by overdone bull run in 2016 ? msft ntdoy sne
the alphabet bear : wedbush 's james dix has the only `` sell '' on the street . he explains ahead of googl earnings & gt ; & gt ;
with comparable sales falling over the past 5 consecutive quarters , whole foods could be the next m & amp ; a target :
rt @mcwm : i just made a vaguely comical goog chart
@yusifsdk do n't trust the financials . proxy on china . we dont own it directly but we own iemg baba
i just made a vaguely comical goog chart
here 's why wall street analysts hate rating stocks with a 'sell ' rating coh spy
nice of them to not specifically say , `` do n't buy off stubhub , we hate those guys . '' ebay
bullpen capital 's davidson : more m & amp ; a , fewer ipos . csco buying unicorn appdynamics for example . appdynamics canceled ipo , sold instead .
analyst : apple 's sheer size makes it almost impossible to demonstrate 'explosive ' growth aapl
sorry dummy this is twtr all over again dummy : everyone is talking because of the changes i laid out yesterday
is mattel 's q4 miss the end of this toy story ? goog mat
coming up : debating the dow stocks - v vs. axp - xom vs. cvx - ko bull vs. bear
i will live-blog the alphabet earnings report and call with @jbooton . join us here for all the news from goog :
welcome to hell day for tech earnings season . on the docket : alphabet goog googl microsoft msft intel intc paypal pypl previews below .
selling half my qqq puts . when unsure , trade in-between .
a lot of things have been misunderstood about my time at yhoo @marissamayer gsbvftt
rt @gscareers : members of gs disability interest forum join @birchfamilyserv at the @nyse opening bell
rt @cnbc : earnings : alphabet q4 eps 9.36 adj . vs. 9.64 est . ; q4 revs . 26.06b vs. 25.26b est . googl
earnings : alphabet q4 eps 9.36 adj . vs. 9.64 est . ; q4 revs . 26.06b vs. 25.26b est . googl
rt @selerity : breaking : alphabet googl q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 9.36 vs. 9.64 expected
earnings : starbucks q1 eps 0.52 adj . vs. 0.52 est . ; q1 revs . 5.732b vs. 5.85b est . sbux
our alphabet earnings blog is now live , check it out for real time analysis & amp ; commentary googl
paypal down 2.1 percent to 40.75 in extended trading on eps miss pypl
just in : starbucks reports smaller-than-expected rise in quarterly sales sbux
rt @stocktwits : google dropped nearly 4 % in just seconds . here 's how it traded right after earnings . googl :
google dropped nearly 4 % in just seconds . here 's how it traded right after earnings . googl :
paypal ( although i always want to type paypaul ) numbers in line across board . pypl flat after hours . no big rally like former sibling ebay
msft saw + 900 ( seq ) in its prior q , so a slight acceleration of growth in dollar terms , not impressive in % terms
alphabet falls after missing q4 estimates goog googl
looks like a change in google approach to taxes for stock-based compensation cost it an earnings miss . goog googl
msft flat after hours , goog off just over 2.5 % . the goog change matters , but is n't material enough to cause op changes i guess .
alphabet cfo porat describes the co s scrutiny of moonshots : `` careful stewardship over amounts and pace of investment '' goog
analysts grilling googl execs on youtube , ai and hardware . getting little by way of specifics . q4 results mixed :
starbucks sbux cut future revenue forecasts , said `` environment is challenging '' shares down 3.7 % in after hours tra
@mikeisaac if you calculate what 's possible if/when someone hacks his twitter account and starts ww3 maybe wall street
white house chief of staff now says 20 % import tax just 1 of a `` buffet of options '' to pay for the wall wmt aapl
shoutout to fabric ... but no mention of twitter : ( goog
the msft call is live ( -- rumor has it that @fxshaw will sing a pirate tune after questions .
interesting how analysts appear obsessed with the topic of @youtube on goog s q4 2016 earnings call
`` lumpy '' -- msft drink . also did the call just die ?
is silicon valley the new frontier in journalism ? fb gci nyt crm mediaunderattack
facebook is going to push longer videos into your news feed fb
well , i have no idea what the acronyms just used on the msft call mean time for a nap
false precision stocks spx
so , on the msft earnings calls , background noise just interrupted satya . : no mouth emoji :
starbucks cuts 2017 revenue targets as q1 u.s. comps disappoint : sbux dnkn
who cares : boeing , aapl , tsla , the american farmer , all huge exporters . sell their stock
spx futures flattish as yesterday 's inside day held the weekly gains . holding 2288-2294 keeps upper momentum for the measured move of 2325
iphone toppled from no . 1 spot in china for the first time in five years making apple vulnerable aapl
alphabet 's shares plunge after earnings miss . googl earnings
twtr exposure money ca n't buy and the company ca n't monetize .
@simonkingfw what do you mean ? you are saying gild should have bought pcyc ? i do n't think so ... that deal might not be profitable .
peek into the markets : stock futures mostly flat ; alphabet shares drop on earnings miss spy aal googl intc msft
gary cohn walking away from goldman sachs with 285m is causing unease among ethics experts : gs via @mattmegan5
same-store sales continue to shake starbucks investors : sbux
paypal 's q4 earnings , fy 2017 guidance 'strangely boring ' pypl
mnkd `` call to discuss company developments '' . that sounds mysterious
itakemycoffeewith absolutely nothing . black . but starbucks needs more people to take its coffee . sbux down 4 % premarket after earnings .
nov 2015 - `` carl icahn exits ebay stake , opts for paypal after spinoff `` ebay pypl bad move , carlos .
apple strategy in 'smart home ' race threatened by amazon aapl
gdphriday trump declares war ( trade ) on mexico ! spy cvx nafta q4gdp tariffdontlikeit --
benzinga 's top upgrades , downgrades for january 27 achc f ath intc cat wynn jblu whr cmcsa clvs tpc rci
markets off to sluggish start amid slew of earnings reports , economic data cvx goog hon intc msft sbux spy
rt @hedgeyehwp : after 2 years of beating sss estimates , sbux has missed 3 of the last 4 quarters and will miss next q too . i call this a t
registering the risks of alibaba 's tremendous growth baba amzn mgi
popularity could be one of starbucks ' biggest problems . crowded cafes could be discouraging customers : sbux
rt @capitalobserver : retail stocks being kicked while they are down m wmt tgt bbby
alphabet 's mysterious cost of goods expense cost it a q4 earnings beat goog googl
paypal 's q4 : an analyst 's likes and dislikes pypl amzn
pershing square defends valeant 's progress , ca n't defend its stock performance vrx
rt @yahoofinance : starbucks says 'congestion ' in stores crimped sales sbux
bofa economists : free trade is n't necessarily free bac trump mexicowall nafta china wto
rising interest rates are a win for savers , right ? not exactly . charobs wfc bac
rt @melissaleecnbc : trump 's trade advisor navarro on @powerlunch called c report `` fake '' & amp ; said c & amp ; gs have no credibility
tesla explains canceled order with german supplier shw tsla
alphabet 's q4 fails to excite , but long-term view remains largely unchanged goog googl
spy below friday 's low 228.76 & amp ; the gap pivot at 228.50ish . need to see if pivots get `` reclaimed '' or do sellers have a bit more power .
this is why i am long spy puts -- & gt ; policy error -- & gt ; near record low vol ( vix ) -- & gt ; valuation at 19x
call of the day via @slangwise : it is simply not possible for apple to spike up post-earnings aapl
sbux hopefully the 10k refugees are experts in throughput , otherwise they 're going end up getting laid off ...
spy 8day is 227.62 we 'll see if can reclaim 228.51 or if sellers keep it below
fit support at 0 . will probably bounce prior to that
fitbit taking 68 mln write off inventory & amp ; equipment , 37 mln rebates , 41 mln return reserve , 17 mln warranty reserve fit kitchensink
breaking : fitbit to cut 110 jobs in reorganization & amp ; sees q4 revenue below previous estimates ; fit down nearly 20 %
there 's a record number of speculators betting against the vix right now . a must-see : vix spy
mobile growth may have hurt starbucks in q4 sbux
goldman ceo to staff : 'this is not a policy we support ' gs
goldman 's blankfein reacts to trump immigration ban : 'being diverse is not optional ' gs
starbucks ' ceo 's strong stance on the immigration ban has led to very conflicting social media responses :
the market in 5 minutes : walgreens-rite aid , personal income , trump 's executive order spy bah rad dis dht ntap
nice one , goog : google home page showing anti-japanese wwii internment lawyer fred korematsu
citigroup plans to exit u.s. mortgage servicing operations by 2018 . c
. @goldmansachs ceo fired off voicemail saying he does n't support trump travel ban & amp ; warning of 'disruption ' gs
@otis_reid if you `` manufacture '' goog and amzn and currency for ecuador and el salvador to use , you do n't have to manufacture real stuff .
spy looks more like an island top . iwm failed at the 50day . and names lik googl that broke out and failed friday at 861 needs time
a number of tech ceos are speaking out against trump 's immigration restrictions . googl fb msft aapl amzn down today , nasdaq down 1.2 %
in the near term , further upside for tesla is possible , but it may be very limited : tsla
rt @marcmakingsense : spy gapped lower , leaving a 3-day island top ; a bearish sign unless the gap is filled . 2273.8 is 61.8 % retracement of
trump travel ban highlights risk to corporate supporters and opponents ; boycotts hit uber , starbucks sbux spy
but fitbit is all the rage -- why u no buy their stock ? ( heavy sarcasm ) fit
emotion is the enemy when trading . and it 's tough to be unemotional given what 's happening to our country . know thyself . spx ndx
spx breadth almost 5:1 negative . tran rut bkx under-performing the *reaction* to this supply will speak volumes ; define your risk pls .
trump immigration policy confusion badly timed ( to say the least ) from spx chart perspective stocks dj
do n't expect @apple 's q1 results to have the same wow factor as years past aapl
airlines stocks skid after travel weekend affected by immigration order aal luv
appeals court denies full hearing in data surveillance case msft
lol , obviously he does n't know that apple would go in and buy up as much of its own stock as it needs to keep that
aapl stock was historically driven higher by innovation but not anymore
fitbit is cutting 6 % of its workforce after poor holiday sales numbers fit
trump immigration ban sinks delta , american , united dal ual aal luv jblu
facebook 's q4 : conference call tone matters more than results fb
rt @lamonicabuzz : airlines shellacked . trump travel ban + delta glitch . jets etf down 2.5 % . dal ual aal hit particularly hard . overreac
ual aal dal all getting dinged today .
rt @johnnerkell : there is a boycottstarbucks brewing after @starbucks pledges to hire 10,000 refugees . sbux
in immigration debate , middle east trumps russia sbux emergingmarkets rsx gulf ksa tur muslim @barronsonline
intel ceo on trump travel ban : 'this is not a policy we can support ' intc
brussels fires warning at facebook over fakenews fb
mkt sell off on trump immigration ban - vix pops , hyg & amp ; crm unusual activity @jonnajarian
lol fit , just sad now , honestly who was on the other side of this trade thinking people were n't throwing those things in the drawer
facebook is trying everything to re-enter china and it s not working - wsj fb
fitbit cost cutting needs to be backed by sharp strategy or it 's the m & amp ; a mill for this former hardware standout fit
today s stocks losers : dal , fit , sne
exxon s trump bump is running out of gas xom
wsj : facebook is trying everything to get back into china `` and it 's not working '' fb
short sellers were n't surprised by fitbit warning fit
overnight squeeze in bonds/notes as s & amp ; p futs struggle to find a bid zn_f zb_f tlt tbt spy
rt @donnayoungdc : business backlash to trump 's travel ban pharma biotech science travelban mrk agn
under armour is under siege . sales and earnings miss . cfo leaving . ua and uaa stock down nearly 20 % premarket . nke down 2 % as well .
big miss for exxon xom
united parcel service misses holiday-quarter forecasts , guides 2017 low ups fdx amzn
under armour earnings unexpectedly fall , sales growth worst in years , cfo exits ; stock dives
fit struggles continue , but the company may still have potential
exxonmobil sales miss . but xom not doing much premarket . guess the news could 've been worse for secstate nominee tillerson , huh ? sarcasm
valeant pharma at a 7-year low . total return over the past 10 years : -11 % . vrx
exxon rarely takes a quarterly charge , but just wrote down 2 bln in natgas assets . harbinger of things to come under new ceo woods ? xom
fitbit hits an all-time low , down 70 % since it began trading in june 2015 . fit
exxon mobil 's quarterly profit drops 40 percent to 1.68 billion due to write-down of u.s. natural gas assets xom oott oil natgas
yuge miss on exxonmobil 41c per share vs 70 estimate xom oil energy
rt @davidgzeiler : apple stock will probably fall after earnings today . but that will be a great aapl buying opportunity .
. @amazon and @expedia have joined a legal challenge to president trump 's travel ban amzn
drop in googl goog stock must be market fear that @realdonaldtrump will punish based on @google exec comments fearisnotastrategy iamlong
exxonmobil 's oil-equivalent production fell slightly to 4.1 million oil-equivalent barrels per day : xom
celg 's bob hugin sitting to trump 's left - not current ceo mark alles
fdx gap started at 50 % retrace . thats always a warnings sign , hence deeper pullback target . `` the hard right edge '' .
make tuesdays turn around again . spx
see how spy handles yesterday 's low of 226.41 . iwm low 133.24 .
i do n't expect fdx to get above opening print so id like to sell 189.50 ish .
exxon mobil is dodging questions about its investment plan for 2017 , in favor of presenting at analyst summit at nyse in march . xom
does msft expect the foreign cash repatriation holiday to not occur ?
if history repeats itself , february will see a market decline spx spy
how does ubs analyst milunovich build policy impact into aapl model ? `` with great difficulty . ''
ignore exxon earnings , xom has other problems
. @jimcramer -- 'facebook 's stock has run , and any stock that has run is vulnerable : ' fb
folks boycotting starbux may also need to stop brushing teeth , watching tv or getting fake news , given pg , nflx & amp ; fb comments about trump
fed , concon , & amp ; case-shiller . turnaround tues. discussed : uaa , drys , dltr , dg , xom , hog investools
depressed oil prices are keeping the heat on @exxonmobil xom
tue not going well so far for us earnings . ups -7.5 % after weak results/outlook , nke rival underarmour -7 % on gloomy fcasts dj
delta cancellations vs. trump protests : which caused more of a headache ? dal iyt luv trumpprotest deltaoutage
one could argue the tape trades great given the 'constitutional crisis . ' respect -- but do n't defer to -- the price action . spx ndx
could us lose its 'rule of law ' premium ? smart @marketplace convo with @reformedbroker @davidbrancaccio spy
why is change needed here ? because if you want success you must always adapt , refine , refine , refine fb twtr
pre earnings straddles aapl & amp ; fb , uaa calls active , bulls in crm @angiemiles
have exxon investors become 'fatigued ? ' its shares were down over 1 % in the early afternoon : xom
trump-tech honeymoon over as alphabet , netflix invited to join travel-ban suit googl aapl
aapl earnings today which is cool , and amd , which is not nearly as cool . and ea but meh . tomorrow is fb and mtch ( tinder ) . also cool .
twtr now up nearly 4.5 % . is twitter the 21st century trump equivalent of the 20th century kremlin 's pravda ? sarcasm
jack ma not making it easy for western union as shares slide : baba wu
fitbit 's smartwatch emphasis might not pan out well . fit
the romance between president trump and investors could be fading dia spy vxx
rt @elanazak : the whole world is paying attention to tweets now . so why ca n't twitter make any money ? twtr
the whole world is paying attention to tweets now . so why ca n't twitter make any money ? twtr
the options market is n't expect any fireworks from apple aapl
moment of truth : this trader bets it all on apple getting crushed after earnings aapl via @slangwise
rt @davidgzeiler : aapl will fall on ho-hum earnings . and give buyers a great chance to get in before this happens :
looks like guidance is a little light for electronic arts . ea down 2 % after hours .
rt @callieabost : spx just posted its least volatile january in at least 55 years . avg high-low intraday range of 0.55 % , smallest since at
how facebook is trying to fight fake news in your news feed fb
infographic : in 2016 , gs employees across 21 countries participated in communityteamworks :
the man who says he 's lost 2.5 million trying to day trade is live and wearing a wolf mask : aapl
rt @misleadme : one thing you wo n't hear on the aapl call today : `` people loved our innovation in killing off the headphone jack . ''
rt @mbearresearch : that moment every three months when aapl fanboys get the latest quarterly result ... 14 minutes from now .
rt @andreascseh : apple iphone7 sales fell 21 % while oppo increased its sales by 109 % in china airpods aapl @pr
a shkreli reference ... dying . wolf mask aapl earnings
irony : i 'm the only person who likes the ipad pro and i 'm maimed like johnny tremain ... gik aapl
rt @topsteptrader : aapl 1q iphone asp 694.57 , est . 688
gale sacks ceo amidst escalating criminal probe into fentanyl drug marketing & gt ;
ignore exxon earnings , xom has other problems
as prices recover , big oil descends on west texas permianbasin shale @ernestscheyder oott xom oxy uso wti
paul gallant : `` we continue to believe the ec will issue an antitrust ruling against googl -- likely in the next few months ''
apple is considering legal action against trump 's immigration ban and matching employee donations aapl
trader tries to short apple earnings , pukes up life savings aapl twtr thefinalyolo
rt @saraheneedleman : ea said sales of battlefield 1 exceeded expectations , while titanfall 2 '' sales fell short of projections . ea
apple 's renaissance in china is key for the iphone 8 success but it faces a tough road ahead aapl
i trimmed some of my spy and ibb . not adding here into this strength . yesterday was the time to scoop it up long .
here 's how much it costs an airliner to cancel a flight aal dal ual deltaoutage
rt @arjunkharpal : apple 's renaissance in china is key for the iphone 8 success but it faces a tough road ahead aapl
i 've written about steve jobs 's family halving its disney stake . aapl dis @barronsonline
aapl `` trade idea 2 : buy feb 3 expiry 120/117/114 put butterfly for 0.50 . '' this is a bust , can try to get something for 120/117 at the open
looks like a bit of starter flow rotating back into financials here.. iwm bac
instagram is ruining snapchat 's story fb by @biintelligence
fred smith : @fedex using almost 100 % more tires to produce same mileage [ vs 20 yrs ago ] . why : so many potholes ... tearing up tires faster fdx
facebook has one long-term concern that you need to know about fb
how trump 's immigration policies could impact the future of apple aapl
rt @nanexllc : gdx went right to the luld circuit breaker . grama entered in more shares than she wanted .
why the case for a border adjustment tax relies on a questionable assumption dow intc kr intc mcd vz uup wfc
rt @seeitmarket : welcome to february . the 'weak link ' in the best 6 months of the year spx
rt @mcwm : the market does not seem to mind this 500 million penalty against fb tho
what tim cook does and does n't say about the iphone and other apple products . aapl
fb is reporting earnings in just a few , we 'll see if zuck comments on this in the earnings call
we 'll just leave this little joke right here fb
analysts thought fb revenue growth would slow . it did , but not nearly as much as wall street expected
rt @scottbudman : update : facebook loses its vr case , has to pay 500 million in damages . fb
not the outcome most were expecting fb
facebook loses 500 million virtual reality headset verdict via @technology fb
fb i think fb could end down tomorrow depending on call . future is n't really as clear as it used to be . hope it stays hot for longs .
ex-twitter ceo dick costolo apologizes for letting twitter become a haven of abuse twtr
in other words : 500m , even if the verdict stands , it is n't a big deal for cash-rich fb
bad week for peoria cat
fb rally now under the 1.75 % mark .
. @jbooton and i are breaking down numbers from this ridiculous facebook earnings report in a live blog . join us !
boycottstarbucks may be the biggest boycott of a public co. in 5 years . but will it actually hurt the company ? sbux
do apple suppliers fall far from the tree ? aapl crus oled swks tsm
as i said ... i do n't think fb has a clear future growth path for a 350b market cap .
rt @sarahfrier : zuckerberg says entering china is part of the long-term plan , but there 's no news at all in the short term . fb
in q4 , political spending in the us was n't a top 10 vertical for facebook , sandberg says . `` no one event is that big for our business . '' fb
quote of the century ... sheryl sandberg : ' 500 million judgement in not material to our business ' fb
this analyst questions apple s china revenue claims via @barronsasia aapl
here 's that bigger picture spx few which shows different trends and why active traders are cautious up here . spy
quick spy visual from yesterday with language . i 'll update after mc- some say it was a rdr sell signal at 228.20
spy below yesterday 's low of 226.94 ( see if it stays below or gets reclaimed ) . tuesday 's key support spot is 226.30ish . stay on ur toes
spx futures -8. that island top from monday/ hairline fracture will try & amp ; break the accelerated trend . 2267-2270 is key area
good morning . mostly red arrows around the world . europe , the dax-.3 % cac-.07 % . in asia , the nikkei-1.2 % china closed . spx futures -8
fb boilerplate language can and will be used against it , again !
rt @howardlindzon : quote of the century ... sheryl sandberg : ' 500 million judgement in not material to our business ' fb
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures drop ahead of earnings , economic data spy uso aa fb pm mjn amzn
goog cloud exec is leaving the company
despite impressive growth - closing in on 2b users - @facebook stock is n't getting much of a post-earnings pop : fb
this is the peak for facebook : chowdhry fb
lmao @wallstjesus spots the strangest action vrx - zero to hero play ? or maybe some cheeeeap protection on an equi
microsoft takes issue with trump 's executive order on immigration . read letter from msft chief legal officer here .
warning : apple could dive over 40 % by early 2018 aapl
editors picks @reuterstv - isis flees its luxe hotel ; tillerson steps in ; and the latest amzn air force plans .
amazon options traders are pricing for a much smaller-than-usual stock price move , as @tomikilgore explains amzn
swks next aapl ecosystem domino to fall ? crus
on facebook 's quarter , @cnet 's @benfoxrubin warns that the platform is running out of ad space , so revenue growth m
uber to suspend service in taiwan , and microsoft asks for exception on trump eo . watch : cheddarlive golive msft
facebook 's soon-to-be conflict : netflix 's ceo is a board member fb nflx
2x value tweet : dr ruth to morning sex , amazon misses earnings a lot . amzn
rt @maxnisen : ahahahaha millennials bought a bunch of vrx last year
ahahahaha millennials bought a bunch of vrx last year
should investors fear new 52 week lows ? stocks spx
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : amazon q4 eps 1.54 vs. 1.35 est . ; q4 revs . 43.74b vs. 44.68b est . amzn
whoa . amazon misses on revenue . but beats on eps : amzn
amzn not enough to break highs .
breaking : amazon amzn q4 revenue , 43.74b vs. 44.68b expected
every twitter takeover rumor of 2016. there were a lot . twtr
rt @marketwatch : amazon earnings just hit . dive in over at our live blog : amzn
i was wrong . not a blow out quarter for amzn . options will be a 0- there 's some support 780ish . if it gets there
rt @cnbcclosingbell : amzn down 3.4 % after hours
rt @lamonicabuzz : amazon beat on earnings but missed on sales . guidance looks a little light as well . amzn down 3 % after hours .
more : amzn sales rose to 43.74 billion in the fourth quarter , below analysts ' expectations of 44.68 billion
amazon 's sales increase falls short of analyst expectations , but profit jumps 55 % amzn
amzn down 4 percent after-hours , currently third-largest decliner on s & amp ; p 1500 post market .
amzn at-the-money 840 weekly straddle 41.35 into the close , a move of 4.9 % . drop is 9 less than the options priced in
more : revenue from amazon 's cloud services business misses average analyst estimate , shares down amzn
ok rundown of right now : - @travisk leaving trump council - grpo - amzn - snap ipo dropped - mike needs coffee
amazon amzn down 3.6 % in after hour trade . holiday sales just below expectations . retail aubiz
amazon tumbles late on weak holiday sales , q1 outlook ; amgen , visa beat , chipotle misses
snap attributed slower daily user growth in latest quarter in part to rise of competitors ( aka instagram ) snap fb
a `` somber recap '' if u want to commiserate a bit . happens spx amzn googl aapl
wedbush s @michaelpachter commented on @amazon prior to its earnings release amzn via @usatoday
rt @rickjnewman : some ceos advising trump are job killers , not creators : ibm xom mrk lmt @yahoofinance
rt @aaronlucchetti : donald trump 's point person on plans to undo dodd frank was goldman 's no 2 executive during the financial crisis gs ht
u.s. senate kills sec anti- corruption disclosure rule for big energy companies oil gas xom opec oott
so noted david , but if we discuss a security , @cnbc mandates we disclose long or short positions in same . btw , los
i generally agree with your thrust here but you should note gs 's current ceo did speak out against the ban
maybe snap should buy fit gpro once it goes public . dominate world of wearable action fitness tracker sunglasses drone thingies . sarcasm
@fuckingtrader hi edward ! check out our estimate for gild before tuesday !
watch : gs chief economist jan hatzius on why a march rate hike has become less likely :
why trump aide gary cohn hates the bank living-wills test . gs wfc via @ryanjtracy
of the 65 spx companies issuing eps guidance for q1'17 , 44 have issued negative guidance .
rt @cgrantwsj : but we wo n't know how many since tsla refuses to update model 3 reservation list after giving incessant updates last spring
but we wo n't know how many since tsla refuses to update model 3 reservation list after giving incessant updates la
i hate to say it , but i m not bullish on apple aapl aapl apple
facebook vulnerable to expected changes in key visa program fb
doddfrank on the chopping block : why were provisions introduced and why are they getting cut ? spy xlf jpm gs
jack ma : `` if trade stops , war starts '' comments while opening new baba australia office
dodd-frank on the chopping block : why were provisions introduced and why are they getting cut ? bac c xlf gs spy
mps want to fine twitter and facebook up to 2 million if they ca n't police abuse twtr fb
jack ma speaks on trade . `` if trade stops , war starts , '' alibaba ceo jack ma said at the launch of his company 's australia hq . baba trade
rt @kaylatausche : jack ma : `` if trade stops , war starts '' comments while opening new baba australia office
spx futures off 4 as europe reverses- see if we hold 2285 area-levels & amp ; thoughts
re : dodd frank rollback , xlf iv ~15 , higher thn spx iv of 9 , and rv of ~7 . in other words , financials about twice as risky as overall mkt .
rt @cnnmoneyinvest : refugee from syria brings @facebook to court over fake news : fb
there are profound risks that signal an explosion of market volatility ahead : vxx vixy
amzn breakign support
gild raises list price of hiv drugs 4-7 % , per @cowenresearch
rt @akaarsalan : news publishers who complain about fb 's fake news echo chamber are themselves the problem .
facebook has one chance to solve fake news - fb
tsla fans hate it : in a surprise upset , nissan 's e-powered note tops japan 's charts
season 2 of stranger things coming not-exactly-soon to netflix . | nflx
rt @assettvus : marketstoday w/ @mayaichung : gs economists note causes for economic concern one month into 2017
a host of tech companies are slamming trump 's immigration order @thestreet @emilystewartm fb msft nflx
regulatory fight could leave financial etfs disappointed pscf xlf
5 ways to deal with liars & amp ; cheaters you got ta be properly prepared fb twtr
investors are looking for reassurance on gild 's hcv business , writes our biotech analyst salim syed .
markets starting to cool off a bit . nvda dip buy , nasty . do n't get rope a doped during lunch hour .
baristas are asking @starbucks for provide more paid parental leave for new dads tobeapartner leadonleave sbux
out on its own , life is hard for the real estate sector xlf xlre
aaaaaaaaand yes , 2017 could get worse for fit
rt @charliebilello : if you 're a day trader or follow the market tick by tick , these are tough times . most boring market in history . spx ht
twitter is where the news is trending , yet twtr is stuck below their ipo price . even @realdonaldtrump tweetstorm is not helping !
spy could n't get above and stays above 229.50 pivot .
apple 's iphone loses sales crown to oppo 's r9 in china in 2016 : aapl
2 experts on us trade & amp ; emergingmarkets : don t believe hype mexico nafta china eem spy @barronsonline @johcmuk
the s & amp ; p 500 has n't made a 1 % intraday move in 35 days . that 's a record : spy voo
why kevin o'leary taunts his kids with gold bricks gld @kevinolearytv
despite the once trending boycottstarbucks , starbucks is n't backing down from its anti-ban stance : sbux
rt @rmbrenna : five charts that say all is not well in markets - bloomberg gld spy spx vix
ireland challenges facebook in threat to cross-border data pact fb
goldman 's getting worried : gs
xom has been one of largest contributors to lobbyists for decades . for fun , go back & amp ; look at what they `` should '' h
gild just kitchen sinked itself . ripped the band-aid right off .
most active options : gm & amp ; nvda earnings , twtr combats abuse , fb braces for trump exec orders , aapl
at over 2.5 trillion , u.s. student and auto loans hit new all time high : f gm tsla
gild just kitchen-sinked 2017 guidance , worse than anyone expected & gt ;
energy sell-off erases early gains , ete active , aapl , dis reports amc @jonnajarian
@lamonicabuzz could easily be down 20 % tomorrow ... bwld
@tuurdemeester @siatechhq specifically , blake2b is the hashing algorithm , so existing hardware ca n't be used . 51 % attack requires ms of hw
wow my trolls are going nuts on my report that twtr is implementing rules to suspend them and sell the service too bad guys try snap chat !
gild we may hear the dreaded `` trying to understand '' from an analyst on this call
oof : buffalo wild wings 4q comps down 4 % at company , 3.9 % at franchise locations . earnings down 38.2 % . bwld
gilead touches lowest level since 2014 following q4 report gild
gild should have started the call talking about guidance . no one cares about q4 .
gild guidance is awful but is it the clearing event that finally puts hcv to rest ? can they finally build on this ?
panera bread digital sales now 24 % of total ; buffalo wild wings way off ; permian play pioneer beats
rt @srussolillo : yikes : whole foods shares have lost more than half their value since 2013 wfm
turns out trolling 's not just for twtr and fb . it 's for pypl , too .
rt @bio_clouseau : gild just could n't think of anything better to do with 11b in 2016
bwld misses the estimize eps consensus by 39c and the estimize revenue consensus by 19.64m -
also from this , it seems the `` cloud tax '' snap pays vs in-house infra at fb is about 12.3 % . revenue-per-user delta
buffalo wild wings refranchising 10 % of its company-owned stores to zees - approx 60 locations . bwld .
`` let me ask a deal question in a different way , if you do n't mind . '' saveme someonehelp gild
rt @carolineylchen : checked with gild : that is & lt ; 15k per bottle ( i.e . 1 month ) for harvoni 's average u , s , price post discounts , rebates in
gild outright says it understands that splitting biz is nice multiple/analyst candy , but bad idea from financial/biz standpoint .
rt @adamfeuerstein : gild just kitchen-sinked 2017 guidance , worse than anyone expected & gt ;
notsoyummy : yum china sss : kfc +3 % , pizzahut -7 % . trails mickyd 's +7.9 % , sbux +6 % . @cnbcoriel @cnbci
rt @canuck2usa : nflx it got angry
rt @haodongvli : gild said difficult to find valuable assets last year when clvs was at 12 , tsro at 35 , sgen at 40 , exel at 5 , arry
here 's how sears has performed vs. amazon since 2007 : shld amzn
wall street 's m & amp ; a chatter from february 7 kr m pcln srpt
12 stocks you should be watching today alk bwld ctl hum wfm pru dis twx gild exc gt mdlz
b-dubs q4 even worse than expected ; risks exist to 2017 guidance bwld
bank of america opens branches without workers bac
the market in 5 minutes : disney , gilead investors not too pleased dis gild twlo twtr agn bwld len kbh drys
shares of apple are near a record high as short interest falls to a record low . are investors too bullish ? aapl
rt @adamfeuerstein : thinking more about gild . perhaps the awful , brutally honest lesson here is : curing disease is great for patients but
@pharmdca gild literally made my entire bio watchlist red .
due to a lack of guidance on m & amp ; a , shares of gilead were lower at market open : gild
pbyi +12 % because gild is going to buy them , too ? bitch , please .
trump 's bully pulpit is n't stopping u.s. firms from shifting jobs , plants to mexico nue
@feriainvestor gilead has totally let their business erode . pe goes up when earnings go down ... gild still a 6.5 pe
rt @wsjmarkets : trump is to twitter what roosevelt was to radio , says the most bullish twtr analyst on wall street
trump is to twitter what roosevelt was to radio , says the most bullish twtr analyst on wall street
gilead investors , 2014 : yay , they cured hep c ! gild investors , 2017 : crap , they cured hep c !
been thinking a lot about risk lately , so , wrote a piece about riskiness of stocks/bonds spx vix
the `` trump effect '' is in danger , @goldmansachs says gs
re : dapl . has anyone noticed citigroup is the main bank on loan ? wellsfargo getting heat but i 've looked at the 17 financers . c is agent .
american drops seat-back viewing from its new 737 fleet as domestic flights go wi-fi aal
aapl apple you can be a better trader via @cmlviz
gs ' tim moe , co-head of asia macro research , talks us china trade on @cnbc 's @squawkstreet
if twitter can t materially benefit from @realdonaldtrump , it probably won t from anything else either twtr
fb is closing hundreds of its oculus vr pop-ups in bby after some stores went days without a single demo :
apple 's 'iphone x ' to cost 1,000 ? aapl intc qcom
whole foods market reports q1 eps 0.30 vs. est . 0.39 , rev . 4.9b vs. est . 4.98b ; q1 comps down 4.2 % wfm
i liked @richbtig 's upgrade on twitter today , but still believe even @realdonaldtrump wo n't be able to save twtr
the most boring market in history continues . now 37 straight days without a 1 % intraday move . spx
@greenmonsterah why ? no evidence customers are willing to pay up for organic slightly closer to home but w/ smaller selection . wfm
gilead need some activism . this is such a mismanaged company ! gild
whole foods market , qualys tumble on weak sales , guidance wfm qlys
@greenmonsterah 0 eventually . wfm has no plan beyond buybacks and smaller stores . soon they 'll cut expenses at which point they 're sears .
whole foods shares drop 4.5 % on earnings . earlier : why whole foods is leaving a sour taste for investors wfm
rt @andybiotech : regn halted , amgn trading down . guess judge decision on pcsk9 stay ?
rt @stockstotrade : no matter what the stockmarket is doing , be sure to plan & amp ; prepare by scanning the market with stt . tradertips fb tw
exclusive : tsla pausing factory for model 3 preparation this month via @reuters
european markets have rallied off their lows , but spx remains stuck in a narrow range just below 2300
twitter stock down more than 9 percent twtr
they shoot birds , do n't they ? twtr
twtr drops 7 % on earnings icymi : why even the twitterer in chief , @realdonaldtrump , ca n't save twitter
twitter -9 % in pre-market twtr
twtr q4 revenue misses estimates . 717m versus 740m expected . stock down more than 6 percent .
for @twitter the platform , the trump effect is more like a @realdonaldtrump curse on twtr
twitter reports q4 adj . eps 0.16 vs 0.12 est. , sales 717m vs 740m est . ; stock falls 10 % twtr
twtr down nearly six percent on report of missed revenue expectations . ruh roh
twtr getting oakley 'd after earnings . if the election quarter was n't meaningful for key metrics , nothing will be .
twitter twtr shares tumble 8.6 % in premarket trading , despite 2 million new users . live prices :
i 've spent nearly entire subway ride looking at twitter & amp ; tweeting about twitter 's inability to grow sales/users at faster clip . meta twtr
rt @msabalakrishnan : collective oof in the office : twtr crates after ugly revenue miss , shockingly weak guidance , by @berkeleyjr
ballmer ( one of top twtr shareholders ) says when he talks to @jack , convo goes something like this `` more , more innovation ... move move move ''
`` it might have felt like we weren t changing much over the last year . '' - @jack twtr
twitter 's ad revenue declined yoy for the first time since its ipo . also saw the slowest quarterly revenue growth since that time . twtr
on twitter : advertisers pulling back spending lead to revenue drop says atlantic but user engagement grows twtr
shares in twitter down 10 per cent in pre-market trading , as it missed already conservative revenue expectations . twtr
twitter posts flat u.s. monthly active user growth , despite election focus twtr
regn wins the contest for longest safe harbor statement
twitter also warns of a more competitive environment for branded advertising since mid-jan. is that because of instagram stories ? twtr
twitter 's revenue growth falls to 1 % , slowest in the company 's history . twtr
twitter outlook a few characters short , and coke 's forecast fizzles - today 's stocks to watch : twtr ko
@cartermansbach everyone is always `` encouraged by the metrics '' ... but bottom line when you are a public companies is revenues . fix it twtr
analyst makes fairly savage snow joke about eylea guidance on regn call . also , company wo n't be doing single product guidance in the future
added a little more twtr pre market in this plunge . the whole company could be managed by 8 robots and three comedians . trust me .
thrilling thursday - shorting oil at 53 - again uso tza ung sqqq twtr --
rt @claireatki : twtr down 9 percent in pre-market . yikes ! bring back @adambain
regn ceo calls out `` constant price increases '' and `` tone deafness '' in tnf drug class . abbv jnj amgn
not surprised twtr shares are dropping . rich content but content ai n't for sale . ca n't get ad revenue on a site businesses do n't run ads
rt @kchaykowski : twtr shares fall 9 % in pre-market trading on 4q revenue that misses estimates . 1q earnings forecast is also weak .
the early bird did not catch the worm . twitter stock still diving after reporting fourth-quarter earnings . twtr
tsla starting to flag intraday
yes , twtr 's desire to protect pearl-clutching sjws is virtuous & amp ; noble ( rolls eyes ) , but how about some dividends for us `` evil '' investors .
twtr stock is down to new lows , here is how as its new ceo i would make it profitable .
regn joins long list of drug cos receiving subpoenas from mass . doj office re : patient assistance programs
yeah , lots of bears on fb..
the run in nvda is over for a while
rt @hedgeyeinternet : yelp : shifting other revenue in local advertising ? really ? how many times is mgmt going to shuffle around segments to
nvidia reports q4 adj . eps 1.13 may not compare to 0.83 est. , sales 2.17b vs 2.11b est . nvda
rt @ericjhonsa : as twtr 's ad sales flatline , it 's hard to overlook the impact talent losses seem to be having on execution .
not good enough nvda
tech 's biggest loser in today 's earnings parade : yelp , which is down more than 8 % after a light forecast . yelp
dow , s & amp ; p 500 , nasdaq hit record highs ; why did nvidia get hit after hours ? nke nvda yelp uaa tsla payc twtr
the next iphone may set you back 1000 . why ? ! aapl
@redacre lol i remember people chasing gild in 90s . wayyyy too soon .
after today , 10,000 invested in twitter on its ipo day would be worth about ... 3,638 twtr
here 's how twtr performed under @dickc by comparison
nvda what sell off ?
tesla workers now may want a union because people are reportedly getting hurt on the job tsla
nvidia beats earnings estimates as the ai business expands , but tepid forecast sends shares down 2 % nvda
wireless charging and premium upgrades could mean some versions of the iphone 8 could cost 1000 :
uaw drive `` could disrupt tsla ''
bitcoin takes beating , while gold shines btc xbt gld china
rt @jamesliamcook : apple ceo tim cook : fake news 'is one of today s chief problems ' aapl by @jamesliamcook
twitter 's role in this political cycle was complicated twtr @realdonaldtrump
cavalcade of twtr downgrades by big houses . the last bit of goodwill is gone . hasta la vista dor sey .
message of market trump economic policies coming & amp ; no trade war key stocks us steel x tesla tsla walmart wmt rt
twitter gets trampled despite trump twtr
bad reviews for yelp shares , and investors tune out pandora - today 's stocks to watch : yelp p
did you survive the 100 minute dip in nvda ?
@kapelianis hey , looks like twtr has you flagged as a troll . i had to scroll way down to see this tweet .
is starbucks becoming a show-me story ? argus downgrades stock sbux
~ twtr implementing auto-blocking mechanisms for sjws = blocking disagreement & amp ; alternative viewpoints = contrary to info-sharing mission
twtr does n't understand that you ca n't cater to sjws . ~what sjws call `` harassment '' is just disagreement that they do n't want others to hear
twtr if confused ... . see fit gpro charts for assistance
this is what happens to your company when you listen to sjws and act contrary to your mission statement . this is
`` my feelings are hurt . please implement shadow blocking so i do n't see mean tweets and no one else does either '' - sjws to twtr management
the consensus view on nflx is n't bullish enough , according to rbc
nvda looks likea fader short 119 against hod
rt @ibd_elow : my latest feature : malls heighten retail theatrics to avoid amazon 's kiss of death aapl amzn m jw
rt @ophirgottlieb : remember , if you ever need a stock quote on twitter just tweet : @cmlviz quote ticker & lt ; -- choose your ticker twtr aa
uaw confirms workers at tesla have approached the union - tsla
rt @bespokeinvest : amazingly twitter twtr was actually up 15 % on the year heading into yesterday 's open . two-day move puts it down 3.6 % y
i am still in a portion of nflx and baba from earlier strategies this week . just less
do n't get inspired , tsla : they could n't do it without big renault-nissan
nvidia stock | nvda | shares breifly dip lower despite record earnings via @modestmoney
should have given those nvda put flys a longer leash , ugh
nvda 1 last push lower and its a cover
nvda popped to 120 & amp ; now down . the stock should 've blown the roof off with those numbers last night . it did n't . run is stalled .
if you 're long on twtr and getting bagged blame @d4ytrad3 he has n't stopped adding short since yesterday
@aussieflya no i did n't . same pattern . engagement was up . they just ca n't capitalize on anything . totally inept management . twtr
@bingdrinkkick @jack why . facebook does n't need them . google should buy them but no one will . best thing they have are it 's users . twtr
nearly 3 dozen wall st analysts now rate twitter a hold or sell twtr via @wsjmoneybeat
yelp gets no help from q4 report yelp
is twitter doomed or can it be saved ? i 'll discuss twtr on @tfeshow at 11:45 et . @wrko680
judiciary branch continues to stump trump admin as judge upholds fiduciary rule spy
tsla ceo @elonmusk claims employee pushing to unionize is a paid agitator , @uaw denies via @electrekco
facebook agrees to audit of its metrics following data controversy - wsj fb
nke is dead . ua gon na kill it . it 's old and it 's just ... wait , what 's that you say ? oh , nvm ... - see chart -- & gt ;
nvidia slips : great , but not a blow-out . will amd take share ? nvda via @barronstechblog
elon musk responds to tesla factory workers talking about unionizing tsla
rt @desantis : twtr market cap : 9.8b xbt market cap : 15.6b twitter is dead ! long live bitcoin !
tsla 's aspiring unionizer responds to @elonmusk 's attempt to 'trash ' him via @bloomberg
with no turnaround imminent , loop capital downgrades twitter twtr
not one soul talking about russell flag breakout.. one reason iwm now a dst pick .
an admitted apple bear just suddenly turned bullish aapl
`` you ca n't be stubborn when you 're an investor . then you may not make any money , & amp ; you may lost a lot '' aapl
rt @chipcorley : how markets have fared a week , month , 3 & amp ; 6 months after first inauguration . @factset spy dia
amazon : finally getting competition fdx amzn
why is n't this facebook story about inflated metrics a bigger deal ? we 're discussing here : cheddarlive fb
@alex still worth more than twtr .
rt @gilliantan : amex investors might want to hold the applause via @bfly axp
today s stocks losers : tcon , clf , yelp
twtr should just go non profit and private . pay the bills keep the lights on and screw wall st .
maryann keller : tsla numm iocation toxic for carmaking
cisco wo n't reimburse partners who send out engineers to proactively replace devices csco knows will fail .
tim arcuri : aapl supply chain sales fell 18 % m/m in january , 500bps below seasonal
downside pre-mkt : hain , uvxy , lnce , inov , s , ung , zts , tlys , viix , tmus , ag , trv , vixy powered by
plug , the market 's biggest pos now that aria is gone .
is @reformedbroker the most ridiculous sbux order of all time ? @halftimereport
i ca n't believe a legit pharma bought zeltiq and it 's `` a kinda-doctor will freeze your fat off ! '' biz . zltq agn
will today be another low-volume squeeze ? djia
nvda at fridays lows watching for a refade
rt @humblestudent : a blow-off top , or a wimpy top ? spx spy much depends on the new federalreserve governors
rt @wallstjesus : some early bulls & gt ; & gt ; yum aapl vale crm cien luv twtr qcom
rt @hedgiemark : hired the attorney . tsla mx lemon law . 150k + 300k in civil damages . 35 repair days . had the car for 7 months . slam dunk
when you were n't lookin ' they just sat sat sat on nvda
twitter has become wall street s bad joke twtr
nope . got all out of tsla last week . missed today 's move . happens
i 've got your 'dewie boot-on ' purse on backorder from china . baba
rt @echasan : in sustainability @bloombergbrief : fb googl face shareholder proposal on fakenews ; sovereign greenbonds ; esg
agn is spending a lot of time and effort to collect a very odd basket of assets .
bullish flow continues into bac ; sweepers gon na be long till they 're wrong on this one @wallstjesus
@riskreversal answers @pinerguard53 s question about csco
daniel loeb 's third point capital dumps allergan , adds big banks agn jpm bac gs
relatively light size as we head into the top of the hour qcom x ge twtr yum bac
amazon says may face penalties for running afoul of iran sanctions amzn
celg tries again ... ( lol ) - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
nflx and hubs are rude ( via @1mstockgame )
how fed governor tarullo stepping down changes the balance of hawks and doves on the fomc bbt ge spy
c playing some catch up
intel 's 'threat landscape dashboard ' tells you today 's worst digital threats intc
@alex @1mstockgame i 'm so close . dammit . stupid twtr is killing me i ca n't believe i own it in the game .
tesla unionizer returns fire after elon musk 'trashes ' him - bloomberg tsla labor
is it game over for media publishers ' 2-year run ? atvi ea ttwo
the metal that failed economics jjc spx copper
indystar : dad blames tsla auto for daughter 's death via @detroitnews
much less 'fire tim cook ' in my stream these days ... why i sold a few shares over the last week aapl
spx - [ nzdusd ] bullish scalping -
either the dozen or so tsla critics in my timeline are waaaaay wrong or wall st is going down with elon musk
should equity investors fear rising rates ? spx stocks
the 160bn failed merger btwn agn & amp ; pfe in 2016 was the largest m & amp ; a break-up ever . it pushed failed m & amp ; a to an 8-y
@zerofiltertruth i hate this company . jack is the worst ceo in america and he is killing the service . sell the stock . twtr
the mattel is selling toys on alibaba 's tmall rally was short lived . mat now down 1 % . baba down too . but mattel rival has up slightly .
rt @seeitmarket : smh sharply rejecting yesterday 's all time highs leader nvda has been lagging . momentum divergence has built up
the buy high/sell low conundrum : @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
that 's the pivot it failed at nflx . the visual .
aapl fire tim cook . free apple .
this is not a buy pattern . aapl
spx500 - spx - do n't fight the trump -
. @jason_kint we struggle with : can longer form video on fb monetize as well as legacy news feed ? -- consumers do n't like interruptions
. @adamlashinsky says apple is rarely first in terms of smartphone form factor , waiting for competitors to innovate .
in the era of 'fake news , ' fake filings can impact stocks cmg mcd avp bac fit
rt @jcmccracken : gs gives 100 bankers or so a `` goose egg '' for their bonus . ouch .
gs gives 100 bankers or so a `` goose egg '' for their bonus . ouch .
@realdonaldtrump why use gs as your employment agency ? inquiring minds wan na know !
apple 's cfo explained why its research and development costs increased to 2.8 billion aapl
bank of america misses a big options payday , goldman cashes in ... gs bac
permabears hit rock bottom as stocks notch new record highs . s & amp ; p 500 ( 2337 ) spy nasdaq ( 5782 ) qqq russell ( 1396 )
spy lol
rt @cnnmoney : the long drama between yahoo and verizon may finally be coming to an end . yhoo vz
so who do you think is driving this autonomous waymo vehicle on the alphabet campus ? googl
deutsche bank casts doubt on pfizer 's rumored takeover approach to bristol-myers bmy pfe gild rhhby nvs mrk
harit talwar on building @marcus , a start-up within gs :
another exclusive from sf 1market : twitter coo @anthonynoto will be on @squawkalley tomorrow with @jimcramer .
what happens when others are greedy ? new post . spx
hi-5 to @chamath for coming on @cnbc today ; great chat about @realdonaldtrump aapl and @snapchat
spx qqq too far , too fast , imho .
csco misses the estimize eps consensus by 1c and the estimize revenue consensus by 36.91m -
curb your enthusiasm into cisco earnings csco via @investopedia
spy ath rsi overbought , support lower 233.7/232.2/229.4/228.25
good morning . mixed markets around the world . europe down small dax-.2 % cac-.21 % in asia , the nikkei-.47 % , shanghai+.51 % hk+.47 % spx futs-1
rt @ophirgottlieb : spx qqq too far , too fast , imho .
think caterpillar inc. 's stock will soar after its fantastic run in 2016 ? read this cat
( `` skeevy '' is a complement . driving user data snap ca n't monetize ( see : twtr ) is the bigger issue . engagement seems spotty )
big u.s. banks to push for easing of money laundering rules gs jpm bac
@assumeacanopenr the socratic method does n't work on twtr . i 'd suggest a `` yes , and '' improv approach . teamwork , not arguments
watch these 7 huge put purchases in thursday trade amat axp car rcii oclr lpl ctsh
spx levels and thoughts as overbought signals flash a bit more
a peek into the markets : stock futures down ahead of jobless claims , housing starts data adi avp csco trip wen
only trade with what you can afford to lose . spx ndx
my interest in iwm now is closer to 136.50 than 140 .
there were some that were very doubtful of dip buyin the jnug and gdx names . so far the wiseguys are sittin decen
spy - friday expiration . 230 had the most calls , but now that price is so much over , really not much resistance th
cowen 's john blackledge out on amzn based on new 10-k disclosures and proprietary data , estimating average of ~80mm prime subs in 2016
ken cacciatore publishes part vi in his series on agn 's pipeline , including perspective on vraylar for negative symptoms of schizophrenia
morning movers : valeant jumps , kate spade soars , mgm drops vrx kate df khc mgm abx
my latest post for @forbes : `` what if retail traffic declines last forever ? '' retail shoptalk amzn m
aapl obv nowhere near as good as khc obv = are funds buying or selling . its that simple .
rt @jasonmilano8 : @jimcramer on cnbc asking twtr coo `` what is wrong with twtr '' & amp ; `` why do n't you crater ? '' . priceless
what does puzder stepping down mean for the fate of labor dept . 's overtime rule ? spy puzderwithdraws
market 's winning streak in jeopardy ; netease surges to record levels : csco aapl wb zion schw momo nvda veev
why wix could be a major threat to amazon amzn etsy wix
have n't deleted your yahoo account yet ? reminder : hackers forged login cookies yhoo
why the buy and hold investing meme is flawed : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
tsla down 9 after this : ubs analyst ca n't understand why tesla shares are up so much in '16 , sell the stock
today 's chart : ubs says now is the time to 'sell ' tesla @seanansmith tsla
`` if everyone was jumping off a bridge , would you do that too ? '' ( explaining my stock purchases in the future ) spx ndx
do you believe tsla lasy year 's acquisition of solarcity is an unneeded distraction ?
gs how to bet get _aggressively_ on deregulation but manage risk
celg the bizarre skew building in celgene what is skew ? -- & gt ;
u.s. stock market : `` meh , we just going to wait for our tax cuts '' spx
fcx cooling down after a strong run . put sweepers at the ready scopping up protection :
rt @foxbusinessam : verizon yahoo revising their purchase agreement downward , reports say vz yhoo @simonettilauren
tesla shares fall after ubs reiterates sell rating , and more . watch live : cheddarlive golive tsla
it 's just a coincidence that arista is reporting earnings a day after cisco detailed big decline in networking sales , right ? csco anet
the most-hated bear in solar is n't backing down via @markets tsla
sorry , i see nothing newsworthy in this zuckerberg `` mission statement '' for facebook . fb
why the 1 % is still cautious about this market spy
is cisco running out of levers to pull to boost revenues ? csco
nflx should fear amzn 's muscle
i have no idea what this means different for fb ?
spy has yesterday 's low at 233.85 . we 'll see how the market treats this pivot today . if it gets below & amp ; stays below 233.10 is next .
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures fall ahead of campbell earnings spy uso anet bbw cpb de sjm nus
celg trying ( long + small option bet of a melt up ) - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
rt @timothysykes : the market is closed now so it 's study time , read this learn from the past fb twtr & amp ; have a gre
as i said was too far above the 230 s. wasn t going to happen . spy spx
citigroup board cuts 2016 pay for ceo michael corbat , while bofa gives its boss a raise . bac c
@brianfires well you are stupid enough to be long vrx - but if you are not short hlf just let me know .
rt @cecileva : gold is misbehaving : @edvanderwalt gld
.. @howardlindzon amzn , goog , msft , baba all standalone security companies dead within decade ; platforms win .
made in china : the coming iphone apocalypse - video @apple aapl
baristas are joining this campaign asking @starbucks for more paid parental leave tobeapartner sbux
fast food in 2016 : who came out on top and who 's best positioned for the future ? mcd wen qsr
here 's how to trade stocks like a sniper ! aim small , miss small fb twtr
apple says eu made fundamental errors in irish tax ruling aapl
rt @timothysykes : here 's how to trade stocks like a sniper ! aim small , miss small fb twtr
@megtirrell it was gild per the 8k
does the s & amp ; p really need higher oil ? stocks spx
fb has been quiet- perhaps tier one long vs. 132.50 and add with a high volume close above 134ish-
leerink 's joseph schwartz none too impressed with srpt 's prv deal with gild
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet yhoo aapl
there s a few big questions about the model 3 that tesla needs to answer tomorrow tsla
lol @twtr 's mission statement : ~ '' info sharing w/out boundaries '' ( but qualified w/sjw : '' but you do n't have a platform for spreading hate '' )
google agrees to let a third party audit its ad metrics - googl
40 % of us companies ( 1,700 ) are still currently loss making ( i.e . have negative net income ) - andrew lapthorne , soc
wb has run sina has lagged , now sina out of jail ?
@gnarlydragoons dude . i 'm 46. you do n't need to age me . i 'm very kid like . ask anyone . in fact . solid game of battlefield1 last night . ea
iphone 8 : sales likely to grow , but not the 'super cycle ' some expect aapl
rt @jbooton : quit calling the iphone 8 a 'super cycle , ' warns deutsche bank . fear aapl will suffer if expectations are too high :
quit calling the iphone 8 a 'super cycle , ' warns deutsche bank . fear aapl will suffer if expectations are too high :
rt @rorol : csx ceo 's departure by may and expected layoffs -- indication that a deal with activist manager paul hilal is close .
boeing , pfizer and others band together to ask congress for more taxes mrk ba cat pfe utx dow ge
the precipitous fall of the blackberry in one graph bbry
freeport-mcmoran sinking today . piper jaffray 's craig johnson & amp ; chad morganlander of washington crossing advisors dis
uh oh . flaming hot rally in bank stocks getting the downgrade slap from analysts via
focus this morning was tsla mbly dgaz shorts out of gate cash across board now
cramer 's stop trading luv
stocks start lower as every stupid trump policy hurts confidence in our future . bonds up & amp ; gold . tesla and nvidia holding up . tsla nvda
does twitter have a video problem ? twtr
fb . yes i came in long and added at 134.10 like my commentary from the morning . now trim and hold
@biotechtoreador oncs was spun out of ino years ago .
@kimblecharting avoid . looks too much like vrx
markets struggle to find positive ground ; fed minutes may move them spy uso vxx tlt dia
fb if you 're bullish and trade options , know this
rt @canuck2usa : fb few weeks ago the top was in after er ... ..
why md anderson shelved its ibm watson project : by @matthewherper
we ve been hearing vr is the next big thing for awhile . wonder when the bigness will arrive ? msft fb htccy sne
rt @seeitmarket : chart spotlight : bear market indicator back to neutral for now - blog by @callum_thomas spy
it feels like 2007 all over again : @johnzechner tells @bnn spy tsx
warren buffett may simply take over this airline entirely luv dal ual nsc unp aal
why tesla 's earnings report does n't matter tsla bidu f gm
rt @probesreporter : last week we warned solarcity has a confirmed , undisclosed sec probe too . think anyone will ask about it ? tsla
last week we warned solarcity has a confirmed , undisclosed sec probe too . think anyone will ask about it ? tsla
rt @pattonles : mcdonald 's is cutting soda and coffee prices to combat the industry 's slump mcd
let 's see if they start the pile back on again post minutes bac
terrible audio ... but at least it 's on the web if you wan na hear @bankofamerica 's moynihan once more on hb2 bac
rt @cgrantwsj : tsla factset consensus : sales : 2.16b adj . eps : 53 cent loss . everything else ?
tsla factset consensus : sales : 2.16b adj . eps : 53 cent loss . everything else ?
with smartphones , smartwatches , and now hearables , `` everything '' is a real threat to fitbit , @marketwatch 's @jbooton
so this actually happened . aapl
breaking : fitbit , inc fit q4 revenue , 573.78m vs. 576.04m expected
breaking : fitbit , inc fit q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , ( 0.56 ) vs. ( 0.5 ) expected
now on @bloombergradio cfra analyst : `` there 's a cash flow situation with tesla that makes you wonder why the stoc
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : tesla q4 loss ( 0.69 ) ; q4 revs . 2.28b vs. 2.18b est . tsla
fit misses the estimize eps consensus by 13c and the estimize revenue consensus by 10.05m -
fit reports fq4 earnings of -56c eps and 573.78m revs -
so i read this as tesla lost 20.8m in customer deposits in fourth quarter . anyone want to agree/disagree ?
tsla wo n't give full yr deliveries guidance ( due to production adjustments ) but expects to sell 47,000 - 50,000 vehicles in first half .
tsla misses the estimize eps consensus by 63c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 50.56m -
still no update from tesla on model3 reservations . total customer deposits for tsla : almost 664m .
exxon lowers proved reserve estimate , only replaced 65 % of the oil and gas it pumped last year : via @wsj xom
rt @biuk_tech : apple spoke out against trump 's withdrawal of obama-era transgender protections aapl
tsla green to red test - please stop fading we need you higher for better entry later on .
nvidia falls following nomura downgrade , analyst concerned about slowdown in gaming nvda
.. @paulvigna next time you title a piece emphasizing bitcoin 's volatility plz give calcs/charts on vol 4 perspective .
high flying nvidia cut to sell at nomura - sees 19 % downside nvda notablecall
icymi : google plans to discontinue yet another product goog
rt @retheauditors : apple condemns trump 's transgender decision will treasury retaliate , pull support for aapl in i
this is the mosh pit that makes me want to sell some more sbux for the trust !
@weaverwealthnc the dude held vrx from 250 to 20 .
why @timseymour is n't convinced by tesla 's stock performance : tsla
interestingly , agn has been vocal about drug prices but the bulk of its future growth is plastic surgery , cosmetics
tesla cfo departure and more big spending plans outweigh solid electric car sales . tsla down 5 % this morning ,
think a negative tweet from trump crushes a stock ? think again ... gm lmt ba twx amzn aapl
stocks open higher . have tesla and nvidia down 4 % at the open . like to see that . we like these companies . dca . nvda tsla
shares of tsla fell more than 2.3 % after the auto company reported a wider than expected loss .
rt @lilyjamali : . @allisonmcneely on gs 's surprise for maple bondholders ; @katiadmi on china 's rumored plans to attract foreign cash
elon musk conceded that a new stamping press needed to produce model 3 parts has n't been delivered yet : tsla
if oil goes to 70 , that 's a very bad thing net-net . fed will be forced to hike more quickly , and tax reform will be cancelled out xom bp
sina intaday bear flag
rbc not adding macy 's to its shopping cart despite m & amp ; a rumors amzn m
weibo 's post-earnings sell-off hits many chinese internets . baidu q4 tonight wb sina
rt @rudyhavenstein : with all the wfc outrage , why has n't the financial media gone after c or jpm in the same way ? @cnbc @business
nvda q4 report on 2/9 first time in 4 qters co did n't raise guide big vs. street . variant perception on pascal upgrade cycle upside is gone
spx failed to hold 2366 and went red . now see if it holds 2354-2358 area . it 's an important upper spot to measure .
covered the rest of my spy hedge here . i 'll revisit it . i do n't need a hedge as i got stopped out of many longs today
qqq below a prior low of 130.11 . let 's see if it stays below for a small change .
sina not even 1 bounce yet..just 9ema ride down
who remembers this one ? set the way back machine for dec 28 , 2016 : why nvidia s booming stock may fall 20 % nvda
tsla faces life after subsidies in hong kong , 'beacon city ' for electric cars via @wsj
citi prepares for regulatory rollback c
three weeks ago @jeffmacke and the @estimize roundtable ditched nvda not surprising what happened next
lost in the model 3 outlook was news that tesla 's cfo jason wheeler will leave the company in april : tsla
nvidia : know the difference between 'highly valued ' and 'overvalued ' intc nvda swks
tsla shares slip as cash-burn raises concerns via @reuters
as nvidia catches a pair of downgrades , attention turns to advanced micro devices amd intc nvda
to @vfhive 's @nickbilton , there 's `` no question '' facebook is a media company , given its influence on news consumptio
rt @ldrogen : three weeks ago @jeffmacke and the @estimize roundtable ditched nvda not surprising what happened next
. @jimcramer says tesla needs to raise capital : tsla
no , gary cohn did not pay 200 million in taxes to work for trump @ewolffmann @yahoofinance gs
gadfly 's shira ovide warns snap investors : buying the ipo is 'an act of lunacy ' fb twtr
the @jack dorsey portfolio delivered mixed results this quarter sq twtr
bank etfs could disappoint kbwb xlf
as stocks soar , short sellers retreat from etfs spy xop xrt
i did try & amp ; buy tsla into the support zone ( 258- 262 ) as i came in flat today . it did n't work well . now i wait ag
the 2014 naaim wagner award winning paper `` an intermarket approach to tactical risk rotation '' spx stocks
double downgrade sinks nvidia 's stock nvda
i think right now is my lowest equity exposure since the day after the election . when spx 2146 was reclaimed . fyi
the s & amp ; p 500 tech sector ended down today for its first negative session after a 15-day winning streak ; it 's still the best sector ytd . spx
saudi aramco might not be worth anywhere near 2 trillion xom uso
rt @benzinga : welcome to trumpville : the market in 1929 and now spy @markyusko
us stocks waver as investors back away from industrials mro x hpq
thursday thoughts - tesla 's emperor musk has no clothes ! tsla jo oil ung abx slw dba xle khc f udn
could your fitbit data raise the cost of your health insurance ? fit
exclusive : apple kills ties with supplier of data center servers after security concern . a strange tale . smci aapl
qqq think the market will be stuck in the mud ? how to use options in nasdaq-100 to find and execute on edge --
wowzerz goog is taking uber to court goog has way , way , way more money and bandwidth for distraction
96 % of msft us 113.24 billion cash reserves are held abroad+it cd be depressing its share price new research :
rt @joedeaux : trump love ca n't save caterpillar or u.s. steel from slump my story cat x
there is nothing in place that would get tsla anywhere close by 2018 . 250k possible with blood , sweat & amp ; tears . 500k ?
snb has more shares of facebook than zuckerberg . now when facebook shares hit all-time high , the profit taking fb
rt @retheauditors : other than a heckler from c who did n't like me calling his employer the most corrupt org on the street , my columbia u s
although tesla and nvidia look really juicy in here . tsla nvda down again today . think long term . autonomousvehicles smart car
`` fair competition spurs new technical innovation , but what has happened here is not fair competition . '' -- waymo sta
nvda looks like player wanted to take it for a day trade
rt @ulmanfinancial : welcometohooverville : the market in 1929 and now spx spy via @benzinga @markyusko
should have known , like all 600 of this troll 's tweet are about nvda .
final trading day of the week ! will the dow snap its win streak ? djia
volvo , saab were given up for dead with production levels tsla wants to reach .
djia extending streak without a 1 % move to 53 sessions today - would be longest such streak in 10 years
cml pro members we just sent : nvda `` what to do about nvidia , now ? '' get pro :
dow21k today ? not looking likely . @korihale gives us the latest news from the floor of the @nyse . cheddarlive
the biosimilar party is getting way too crowded and allergan knows it : @maxnisen via @bfly
fridayfun what oscars film are you streaming on goog nflx aapl or amzn this weekend ? full list via @usatoday
search warrant linked to amzn echo recording in arkansas killing could affect sales
bofa : 'be mindful of a possible reversal in gold ' gld iau gdx via @crystalkimmm
tsla there are ( could be ) legs to this tesla employee story -- not going away and when the stock drops , it _really_ wo n't go away .
rt @barchart : us stocks dip as banks and energy companies fall bac wfc
gs if there is deregulation , golide could _rip_ . here 's the aggressive option play ( risk on )
nvda is it time to buy or sell nvidia ? my take via @cnnmoney
rt @canuck2usa : tsla so far we have a=c abc pullback from highs
spy qqq russell was excluded from the meeting about this iwm now protesting
najarian brothers see unusual options activity in spdr gold trust ( etf ) and nu skin enterprises gld nus
wow , outgoing cfo jason wheeler told tsla he plans to resign on tuesday , before a wednesday announcement .
cot : euro weakness not dollar strength sets direction saxostrats by ole hansen oil gld slv
tsla with earnings are over , if you 're semi-bullish , this is available through options
@brianfires @wsj @foxbusiness @businessinsider really ? you think vrx is the victim of a @sirf_report short seller conspiracy .
cot : short-covering in bonds and stocks saxostrats by ole hansen oil gld slv
rt @marathonwealth : see : copper : gold jjc gld mt @convertbond gundlach : `` us 10 year headed below 2.25 % . there 's a stealth flight to saf
rt @squawkcnbc : buffett says they bought more apple since 2017 began , but not since the earnings report came out aapl askwarren
goldman sachs now thinks tesla could crash 28 % -- here are the charts all bears will love tsla
rt @lebeaucarnews : goldman drops tsla to a sell rating w/ 185 price target saying it expects a capital raise before 4q17 to weigh on tsla
goldman drops tsla to a sell rating w/ 185 price target saying it expects a capital raise before 4q17 to weigh on tsla s shares .
goldman cuts tesla to sell with a word to bulls out there tsla notablecalls
what happens when financials lag ? stocks spx
goldman cuts tsla to sell on execution risk , near-term cash needs
not to mention buffett is a disaster for health and the environment . he owns psx ( dapl ) , ko , airlines burning oil . and wfc bac
the musk of musk 's soiled jeans is wafting in the market air . tsla
what to expect from the stock market this week spy iwm and more
tesla -6 % this morning on goldman 's downgrade tsla
morningmovers : tesla tanks , urban outfitters flops , kate spade jumps bid urbn uaa tsla
gs downgrades tesla . mkt cap down 4.7bn since last week 's results : via @bfly tsla
tesla back below avg . sell-side target . see my column from last month on how these two interact : via @bfly tsla
rt @chicagosean : entered a protected strangle in nugt : shorted 9put/12call strangle and protected upside with a 13call . 1.08 credit . no u
htz reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.01 eps and -2.24m revs compared to ws
what to do about nvidia corporation ( nasdaq : nvda ) - nvda
jcp heavy call vol , tsla downgrade , tgt & amp ; pcln earnings @angiemiles w fred banyon pm , and market correction
worth a read . goldman thinks model3 launch will be a mess , scty a big fcf drag , big cap raise needed by q417 . tsla
why @warrenbuffett does n't tweet or email : 'you can always tell someone to go to hell tomorrow ' twtr brk
is carl icahn losing his midas touch ? not quite iep aig bmy fcx lng htz hlf xrx nav
sell is a 4-letter dirty word on wall street . but goldman sachs just slapped that rating on tesla . here 's why . tsla
the big shocker in wall st/silicon valley today : tesla gets downgraded to 'sell ' by goldman sachs
teslas still overheat on road courses . this is the problem porsche promises to solve with its ev . tsla
julia , a dishwasher of 15 years , says she was unfairly terminated from her job at @wholefoods wfm reinstatejulia
tsla deepens recent losses after goldman recommends selling via @reuters
ddd reports before the open tomorrow , estimize consensus +0.03 eps and +2.06m revs compared to ws
seven past runs of 'star trek ' series , 'some of them were great , some of them were terrible , ' says cbs ceo moonves . all do well on nflx
with paypal now at new 2017 highs , a series of lows between 38.00 and 39.00 could mark a major bottom : pypl
tesla plunges another 5 percent on fears of model 3 delays tsla
the timing of netflix 's partnership with spark is `` absolutely '' tied to a failed vodafone deal : nflx vod
at least gdx gave some clues it was vulnerable . look how it closed near lows friday 's as gld closed at weekly highs .
a fun fact : spx touched a 52-week low at 1,932.23 on feb 29 , 2016. it 's up 22 % since then .
today s stocks losers : ua , sstk tsla
new exxon mobil ceo echoes rex tillerson 's skepticism on climate science xom
it 's rare for the spx & amp ; the usd to fall together , but it usually only means a short-term fall . read @retmilldaily
htz misses the estimize eps consensus by 17c and the estimize revenue consensus by 15.31m -
should investors follow warren buffett 's lead with aapl ? gk advisor @ben_dunbargk does n't think so ... find out why
tsla trading range always struck me as pretty tight in recent years
is this another 1987 ? we should be so lucky . new post . djia
i have been to a dozen stores and have never found that to be the case but it is unfortunate . which store ? aapl
vrx misses the estimize eps consensus by 6c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 26.59m -
amrn reports fq4 earnings of -4c eps and 38.70m revs -
gold miners gdx -11 % in 3 weeks as gold holds 1,250 ( + 100 ytd ) -- & gt ; price seen as unsustainable
as per usual - why ca n't valeant - which has so much debt it is a financial institution - publish a balance sheet ? vrx
spx futures -1 as we try and figure out `` what 's next '' ahead of president trumps- address to congress-
rt @lamonicabuzz : tar-jay no longer in style . target tanks on weak earnings and poor outlook . can you say amazon ? tgt amzn
`` the realities of our capital structure force us to invest less in r & amp ; d '' vrx cool , so find some `` hidden gems '' in a box somewhere a push 'em
morgan stanley is setting aside 70m to cover costs associated with giving clients the incorrect tax info : ms
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` s & amp ; p 500 technical update : near-term upside limited '' by @marknewtoncmt spy xle xbi
the crb index and inflation , or lack of it crb spy tlt
pcln `` trade idea 2 : buy the march 3 expiry 1600/1550/1515 broken wing put butterfly for 10.50 . '' bust .
`` we 're drowning in a lot of these numbers , but i think it 's a very simple answer we 're looking for , '' analyst tells vrx re debt , cash flow
great call on tgt by @hedgeyeretail -- stock is down -17 % since august as spy rises +8 % target
rt @megtirrell : `` 2 papas , '' @jimcramer says : `` papa john 's pzza , losing the war against dpx , and joe papa . not a good day for papas . '' vrx
`` 2 papas , '' @jimcramer says : `` papa john 's pzza , losing the war against dpx , and joe papa . not a good day for papas . '' vrx prgo
nvda looks liek rollover now . dead cat bounce last few days
on its strategy to lower prices , @ptpetrides says target should 've addressed the amazon effect many years ago .
hard to believe crm is n't in the nasdaq-100 . what a joke , bigger than 72 ( & lt ; -- corrected ) components .
another shareholder , charles sherling , now commenting on proposal . agrees `` frustration that diversity in sv is few and far between '' aapl
it was proposed by the national center for public policy . rep says some orgs who get @apple donations may use funds in unwanted ways aapl
the stealth rotation : a look at the underlying `` risk off '' trade that has been hidden :
one apple shareholder saying he sold his stock last month , worried about revenue growth , says buybacks are waste of money . aapl
proposal 9 ( 5th by shareholders ) wants top execs to retain 75 % of their @apple aapl stock until they reach retirement age
rt @sharatibken : next shareholder proposal wants @apple to reexamine executive compensation . aapl apple @tim_cook
next shareholder proposal wants @apple to reexamine executive compensation . aapl apple @tim_cook
he supports this @apple proposal . aapl . now discussion on that proposal is closed .
another comment from corey webb , a shareholder from florida . says experienced lack of diversity in @apple exec level in retail aapl
rt @sharatibken : ultimately says he 's against putting language into @apple policies requiring more diversity aapl apple
subway chicken contains less than 55 % chicken dna mcd wen qsr
amazon s3 service outage is giving a lot of folks some insight into just how many web based companies use aws for their cloud stuff amzn
amazon web services was experiencing `` high error rates '' with its data storage , affecting numerous websites : amzn
funds dumping salesforce ahead of earnings crm via @investopedia
salesforce is sliding despite its earnings beat crm
salesforce 's outlook sends shares lower crm
salesforce falling in after-hours after some guidance falls short . crm
kinda rough earnings response for crm to boot !
@brianfires @theiphawk @pavelsenor @13 yeah - but you have still lost meaningful money in vrx . and you ca n't support your sick girlfriend .
@zacangeline6 apple tv is not the best . apple music is not the best . beats is not the best , airpods barely work ... aapl
apple tv you 're dead in the water . what we 've been saying . youtube tv is a winner . espn and abc , broadcast and kids stuff 35 . goog aapl
@brianfires @theiphawk @pavelsenor @13 says someone long vrx forever and who can no longer support his sick girlfriend . i am just insane !
. @abiolahp who the f knows . i traded y2k and 9/11 ; last move always most violent . spx ndx
rt @donutshorts : `` i hope we have not provided too much information '' says the cfo who does n't publish a balance sheet @shitmgmtsays vrx
how will facebook shares react to snapchat 's ipo ? trade fb share cfds with 0 commissions ! capital at risk
1/ s & amp ; p futures spy up 17 points , highs of morning . traders did n't get more specifics on tax reform , infrastructure from trump speech ...
thoughtful intel downgrade by bernstein . the note is worth reading intc nvda amd
wall street will hear from new exxonmobil ceo darren woods shortly . xom
intel : sell , says bernstein , server is cracking ; fab advantage ai n't what it was intc via
amazon : not a great time to fumble the cloud , says global equities amzn orcl hpe
you you hate me if i told you i bought iwm at 138.25 yesterday afternoon ?
when sharpies do n't even take a breath . spy iwm
this spy is scary as shit lol
i have a hard time seeing trip as standalone in the next 3 years . it would give pcln a community dynamic that wou
nvda following the bearish path i expected so far .
this wall street firm says intel could get crushed by competition in 2018 - intc nvda
whoa . mcdonald 's just got halted : mcd
so mcd halted ... my theory is they 're bringing back the mcdlt with jason alexander as spokesman
mcd halted for news
just in : mcdonald 's shares halted for news pending . mcd
world 's largest wealth fund is worried about china and the us fxi spy
aapl but.. if you want to get aggressively long apple with options , take 3 minutes to read this
rt @stocktwits : whoa . mcdonald 's just got halted : mcd
news at mcd ? stock halted
so what is it , mcd ? oy .
costco is due to increase membership fees , potentially as early as thursday 's earnings report . what to expect :
so carl icahn sells nflx and aapl positions before their stocks go way up , right ?
and i 'd add cleanliness of restaurants . ( my biggest dissuader . ) mcd
goodbye to mcpick menu ? `` too many value combinations '' that `` diluted impact . '' mcd
there seems to be some major delivery news coming today from mcd . trading halted .
is mcd really just halted because of investor presentation or is there more news coming ?
would be awesome though - come on mcd , step it up . or at least invest a percentage in it . shak
palo alto delivers another 'messy ' quarter panw chkp csco ftnt
rt @peterfrost : sounds like more job cuts coming to mcd . in addition to cutting 500mm of g/a by end of 2018 , expect to cut 5-10 % more .
rt @ernestscheyder : of 25 wall street analysts tracking @exxonmobil , only 5 say buy stock . most analysts say buy @chevron
7 tweets that ruined careers twtr
wow intc you ca n't find buyers today ?
no matter how the numbers line up , snapchat is n't exactly facebook : fb
`` retail partners are just as important as corporate partners . '' baristas on paid parental leave tobeapartner sbux
sarepta stock seesaws on 2017 duchenne muscular dystrophy guide : srpt antm hum unh gild
in recently-released 10k , mcdonald 's adds `` trade measures '' to `` actions taken by government '' that could adversely affect its business mcd
rt @thestreet : no matter how the numbers line up , snapchat is n't exactly facebook : fb
gracias amigo ! spx 2800 bubble here we come ... thing about bubbles is they always have a crash ...
when i wrote this was 25 % sure spx was headed for bubble , now 75 % sure ... for every action , equal & amp ; opposite react
we ca n't jump or do parkour so ... yeah . this is scary . goog
vrx is this going ot be like a 1 ... 2 ... or 3 year process before 0 ? it 's already been a few .. how much more confirmation is needed lol
my price target on vrx has been 0 for a while . published when stock was 90 .
breaking : valeant discloses sec is conducting probe into possible securities law violations by salix ; vrx down as much as 6.1 %
nope . long em , commodities , euro financials , private energy , private equity ( all beating spx ) and increasing cash
spy has gap support at 238.37 . digesting above this would be constructive for higher prices . pivot resistance is 240.32
spx futures -3 after another big move to ath 's . maybe an inside day today above support at 2380. pivot resistance is 2400
rt @philipvandoorn : here 's what apple and a chicken processor have in common for this fund manager aapl safmf htt
solarcity quietly cut 3,000 jobs ahead of tesla sale - tsla look for thousands more as musk changes sales approach
i thought msft was a `` day 1 '' to get momentum back . did n't hold a third or half to keep commitment . so i sold for a loss
nflx now below 8/21 day and took out yesterday 's low of 142.10 . 140 is a big level now - below that . take care
after huge rally , market looks mixed as catalysts appear to be lacking spy uso vxx f gm
it just keeps getting worse for cat ... . caterpillar illinois facilities searched by law enforcement via @newsmax
where 's that guy who screamed at me about how great nvda is ? oh i remember , i blocked him .
mcdonald 's ceo : traffic is n't soft , it 's down mcd pnra
- tsla ca n't deliver anything on time
by the time the fbi entered crazy eddie 's premises all the documents were gone per our `` scorched earth '' policy . cat
i just searched cat facilities and found nothing
rt @canuck2usa : nvda inside and down daily bear flag today
@mikhail507 @jack hey do n't forget mayer at yahoo . she could be the worse . then jack . i 'm waiting to give snap a chance . twtr yhoo
more : federal law enforcement agencies began serving search warrants earlier today against @caterpillarinc cat says @wsj
blackberry 's head of strategy and acquisitions , jim mackey , tells me he left the canadian company in mid-february . bbry bb
more : irs , fdic and u-s attorney for central illinois reportedly part of investigation of @caterpillarinc cat
nvda could n't stay away - more lods
rt @thestreet : `` mcdonald 's is definitely late to the game ( but ) this may not drive growth '' mcd
if cat has a smart pr dept , they 're issue a statement before the close . ill be out by 4pm one way or the other .
so many ways to spin this . spx ndx bear plunges to death from helicopter via @nypost
rt @cnbcnow : new : feds seeking tax docs in search at cat facilities ; tax employees asked to leave building - nbc affiliate week
shares in caterpillar cat down 4.2 % & amp ; the main drag on the dow on reports of a law-enforcement investigation markets
stocks in retreat from yesterday 's record highs : djia -0.4 % , with a 4 % drop in cat a major drag on the index .
spx market sinks as everyone sells to buy snap
yahoo punishes ceo in latest fallout from security breakdown yhoo
cost on deck . frozen in the same amber tomb as the rest of retail until there s a pointless trade war decision
cat confirms raid involves csarl matter involving taxes
cost put seller in advance of earnings . `` you go in for milk and paper towels and you come out with a tv ''
rt @markbspiegel : basically , he bailed out his personal investment in scty using tsla stock , and now will quietly shut most of it down to
rt @seanansmith : cost falling on earnings miss & amp ; disappointing same-store sales @yahoofinance
breaking : costco cost q2 earnings per share ( eps ) , 1.17 vs. 1.36 expected
today s stocks losers : juno , shak , cat
iwm has been choppy and lagged recently . yesterday pivot low is 138.64 to use as today 's pivot .
spy sitting on wednesday 's gap as other sectors filled or started to fill theirs . 238.21 is today 's pivot . gap goes down to about 237
years of federal scrutiny lead to caterpillar cat hq raid
so that 's why cat still trading under 94 this morning .
wcu : gold and silver hurt by march rate-hike prospects oil wobbles by ole hansen oil gld slv
twitter must be crying , just that old stock people used to talk about . bye bye . twtr . snap has got everyone 's attention now . snap
why nomura initiated snap at reduce with a 16 price target fb snap
most indices below yesterday 's lows . getting day 2 down . spy pivot was 238.21 for continuation . gap is open down to 236.95
vrx row row row your boat
us stock indexes edge lower in afternoon trading ; oil rises cost luv
rt @cgasparino : even bankers say tech stock ipo valuations are too high and preventing cos like cos twtr from being sold later more now @f
squawk : commitments of traders tables covering the positions help by managed ... by ole hansen oil gld slv
the stephen king of sec filings . by tsla
now with complete tsla china 2016 dataset , courtesy @jato_dynamics mystery continues
being good at suffering stocks spx
indices have started the week on the back foot , with some small moves lower . ftse dax spx
rt @kantar : across asia pacific , consumers are looking beyond facebook and testing newer , more visual social media
so far being tactical from last week is helpful . spy spending some time below 237.73 . see if it stays below
been reviewing all short calls ( front of calendar , covered calls ) to buy back or roll down today . have only adjusted googl ... ...
11 quotes to teach you how to invest like ben graham , the man who taught warren buffett spy
a decade of smartphone growth fizzles . what 's next ? aapl goog vz
short sellers : what 's it mean for a stock to be 'hard to borrow ' ? snap spy
rt @shonaghosh : amazon handed over alexa recordings to the police in a murder case amzn by @shonaghosh
rt @lamonicabuzz : snap is set to fall again . fb had a tough go too at first . but is snap more like twtr ? i 'll discuss w/ @maggielake on
spx futures down 2-3 handles as tape drifts and gets lethargic- levels & amp ; thoughts
12 dividend aristocrats for every month of the year , via kiplinger xom cvx t
testy tuesday - 11,550 or bust on the nyse aapl nya dia spx ndx ba hd ibm
that little lower shadow closes the gap from sotu for spy
dks trade should look familiar to sig prgo lb vrx and all the others - same idea
radioshack to kodak ; these companies fell from grace the hardest aapl amzn bbry
@quagmires i do n't love today 's move in tsla with the rejection at the 8day . so i am flat it
@frankmazza3 haha . if snap buys twtr it would definitely be the worst company mistake in tech history . aol -time warner . snap is fine .
buffalo wild wings -- the wings cost too much bruh bwld 
weakness persists across indices , although we have only seen modest losses over the past week . ftse dax spx
wed starts more risk-on for stocks than mon/tue . nikkei , shanghai lagged but ftse , dax , us futures hold above flat line . spx dj
spy pivot low from yesterday is 236.76 . use that today to see if we find support around it . or get and stay below . 235ish next big spot
@ladyfohf @ivanthek you guys are right , iphone tweets do bridge the gap between genders and political party . seems bullish ... aapl
. @toyotamotorcorp exec , off-the-record : `` if you think we ever discuss tsla at the office , you are off-the-rocker . ''
juniper 's gary clark joins tsla as chief information officer via @reuters
not if there is a belief that the `` cooperation '' was n't honest . that 's justice.. cat
facebook to face mps over failure to remove problem images | technology | the guardian fb
cat call 1230pm @hedgeyeindstrls
has walmart finally created the endless shopping aisle ? if so , amazon should be worrie wmt amzn
every company exposed to the cia cyberhacking scandal aapl fb goog
the earnings recession has ended , but that does n't mean earnings are good enough to support more gains spx
`` investors should be increasingly concerned about the investment risks associated with cat shares '' @hedgeyeindstrls
the twittersphere responds to the vault7 cia cyber hacking revelations aapl xlk
three years ago , analysts called for tsla 2017 eps of 8.87 . avg pt 216 . now ? 1.73 a share loss w/ higher pt
beware of ides of march expiration mismatch vxx vix sonar report : via @youtube
america 's trade deficit since 1992 in one chart spx spy
parkervision : another case of 'sell the news ' prkr qcom
arista networks ' software strategy could jar cisco even more : anet csco msft googl fb
oil sooo heavy . giving bulls second thoughts in some other sectors . watch yesterday 's lows spy , iwm is below it . fas ugly candle
i used the @google vision api to try and see what their algorithm thought of trump . `` unlikely to be an adult '' sound
rt @katekelly : icymi : terrific scoop today by @jessedrucker on questions of tax , accounting fraud at cat
snap falls below opening price ; how long did twitter and facebook take to do the same ? fb gpro snap
starbucks shares under pressure amid concerning xad market share data dnkn sbux
citi set to ring the nyse closing bell . no , not to celebrate the 8th anniversary of c trading below 1 ( reverse-sp
a popular theory is that instagram is stealing ad dollars from snap . not so fast , @adweek 's @martyswant says .
did the cia clear the way for high-profile cyber attacks ? antm cost cvs
spy pivot low from yesterday is 236.40 . for today , see if it gets below & amp ; stays below , then 235.25 . or get below & amp ; reclaim for a bounce
good ol boy club : bank of america exec describes former employer bac @bankofamerica
gale assets for sale
rt @marketcurrents : eni sells mozambique stake to exxon for 2.8b premarket xom e
no , it 's not actual irish coffee , but beggars ca n't be choosers and @starbucks gave it a shot . sbux
`` doomed '' opec alliance with u.s. shale oil impractical and illegal @jkempenergy ceraweek oott saudi xom gas
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures down ; jobless claims data in focus ges shld sig spls tlrd spy uso
rt @deoneroberts : good ol boy club : bank of america exec describes former employer bac @bankofamerica
sig deeply engaged in talks w/ gs on outsourcing credit denies manipulating our numbers or our customers . wow . this is something .
what would iron ass say ? xom
spx futures down 2 as divergences persist- some levels and thoughts to plan the day .
most clayton clients were pwc auditees . gs , baba , jpm , eni , ally , barclays . @mattgoldstein26 @nyt adds vrx , vow to earlier @ft story .
axp like jpm 's sapphire exec does n't want u to game signups for rewards.but will keep offering them @jennysurane
rt @tischendorf : the 'safe ' and 'easy ' move is to raise cash here . spy hitting new highs before correcting would hurt traders . markets lik
rt @hedgeyehwp : looks like the ceo of bwld does not want to face the music and sent the cfo of 4 months to tell the story .
american , like delta , wo n't match the guidance it issued in january aal dal
rt @sam_l_shead : twitter has shut down its office in berlin twtr
a sense of foreboding as stock bull market nears 8th b-day spy dia via @barronsonline
tsla : amazon , aapl comparisons fair , not a reason to buy via @barrons
a look at historic fed rate hikes and their negative impact : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
stopped on fast
iwm reclaimed 135.78 after making a low of 135.61 . not that convincing
rt @cheddar : . @vfhive 's @nickbilton would n't invest in uber , saying he does n't think it will exist in ten years . here 's why . cheddarlive 
for for 1st time in 30 years tnx appears to show a breakout above trend . low rates have sustained high debt . what
this whole thing is silly . -- & gt ; fb launches snap feature to enhance pics which last only 24 hrs . emperorhasnoclothes they disappear
rt @thestreet : staples closed 48 stores last year & amp ; will shutter another 70 this year spls amzn
@ophirgottlieb twtr just gon na slowly bleed until it finds some semblance of support . they have 2.4b rev but no one cares b/c jack .
staples closed 48 stores last year & amp ; will shutter another 70 this year spls amzn
markets edge higher ; oil drops under 50 ; caterpillar falls again : jnj gs jpm cat xom rdsa baba ntes wb
rumors abound the iphone 8 may be delayed : winners and losers aapl qcom stm syna
final trade : wfm because of the massive april 30 call buying
valeant will tumble further - vrx when 77 we noted it was going way further . wall street is deaf , you are not .
with xle below 200day iwm below the 50day . in my morning call we discussed the spy at least testing the 21day .
calls for pwc to be replaced as cat auditor , among other changes
with u.s. economic data heating up , the burden of proof to the contrary is on the bears spy economy
tesla has a compelling long-term story , but will face near-term headwinds tsla
draghi day , crude dude , & amp ; trending thurs . discussed : elf , tlrd , rad , aig , fate , ulta investools
a bug in google s amp pages is inflating traffic metrics via @yahoofinance - googl
us stock indices down just a touch with around half an hour to the close . djia -0.1 % , with heavily-weighted component ibm falling 1.4 % .
rt @cnbcclosingbell : light guidance taking ulta beauty lower after hours . ulta
on march 9 , 2009 , the s & amp ; p 500 had lost 37 % over the piror 8 years . in the 8 years since it has gained 309 % . spx
credit suisse says plan to hire refugees damaging starbucks brand and sales sbux -- -
the market in 5 minutes spy fb snap tsla rds aig atu cpt ges ions
most acquisitions are finalized at a price that leaves some shareholders sitting on a loss hpe nmbl msft
@weeklystockchar check out our earnings estimate for adbe here :
. @adamfeuerstein talks vulnerable pharmaceuticals , drug pricing under trump gild ibb mrk xbi
i have no idea what gild should do - way above my pay grade - but pretty sure it 's not buying their own shares .
world bank tribunal annuls venezuela damages reward for exxon xom oilprice
starbucks ceo 's refugee comments sour customer views of chain : survey | reuters sbux grc
will the real health of starbucks business please stand up sbux
i didn t wake up to news of gild buying incy .
rt @street_insider : mobileye mbly halted , news pending ( earlier reports of takeover by intc )
fodder for bears : this is the most overvalued stock market on record even worse than 1929 spx djia
buffalo wild wings franchisees voicing support for company management in its fight v. marcato . bwld
2000 was height of craziness in tech bubble , some of fang likely to suffer same fate . aapl is actually cheap ...
this long spy and short tlt getting a tad long in the tooth .
mbly buyout . who else is affected ? momentum mon . discussed : a , amd , tsla , pki , celg , cb , cbs investools
rt @megtirrell : vrx dropping after hours on @davidfaber scoop
ackman throws in the towel on vrx
valeant plunges on bill ackman sale . pershing square throws in towel , exits position . vrx down 12.5 % premarket .
bill ackman is out of valeant vrx
rt @melinanders : ackman loses out on some 6.8 billion by selling valeant at 11 instead of 262.51 high . vrx
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures down ahead of fed meeting spy uso dis dsw eeft mgi vrx rt
agn edit in crispr development pact for eye diseases .
spy has yesterday 's pivot low at 237.24 -we 'll see if we get another quiet inside day . or not . use that as your pivot
hedgeye sell call on cat yesterday joy
@carlquintanilla @jimcramer supermarkets were sold out pre-storm ; if you need stuff today amzn wont make it . weather = retail part of life
oil falls again : saudis report output hike after warning u.s. shale companies xom cvx
i 've written about two chesapeake energy directors bravely buying stock . chk @barronsonline
rt @wallstjesus : googl may bull sweepers detected
how much money did bill ackman lose in valeant ? vrx
spx stocks sell-off as money floods into anniversary gifts .
fed meeting takes center stage even as blizzard bears down on east coast spy uso vxx
rt @bryantanders75 : twtr @jack you are not even paying this guy & amp ; this would increase site traffic by tenfold . what is going on over there
shares of aal , dal , ual , jblu and hd getting hit by winterstormstella @thestreet
almost exactly one year ago , @matt_levine wrote `` ackman 's valeant investment keeps getting worse '' vrx
your tax dollars subsidize amazon . are the jobs worth it ? amzn
the best and worst mobile app performances in q1 : bad news for snapchat snap p ebay expe nflx yelp grub
rt @scottgamm : shares of aal , dal , ual , jblu and hd getting hit by winterstormstella @thestreet
intel inherits mobileye 's problems intc mbly nvda
@holon @elkwood66 and andrew ate humble pie and said he got it right , and on vrx and maybe tdg he 'll eat 'fuck ya ' pie
rt @herbgreenberg : @davidmaris to @scottwapnercnbc on why smart people got vrx wrong we re all human ain t that the sad truth !
another drop for oil prices pulls stock indexes lower hal mro nasdaq dowi gold
why ackman s exit may not be the end of valeant s stock plunge vrx
creepy new app matches pictures of strangers with their facebook profile within seconds privacy fb
live : william ackman sells pershing fund s stake in valeant vrx -
this spx chart signal could mean it s time for the bears to pounce :
both companies have been viewed as one-trick -- or maybe two , tops -- ponies gpro fit
rt @ali : well that makes at least two people not prepared for a 3 a.m. phone call , @hillaryclinton and now @jack . twitterhack twtr
rt @jamesliamcook : a twitter tool was hacked and it caused some famous accounts to tweet about nazis twtr
stock investors may want to monitor these charts for early warning signs : uso xle xom cvx hal mro clr oas
how to lose 4 billion : bill ackman 's long ride down on valeant vrx
shares of vrx are still sliding as the stock slipped more than 10 % and billackman unloaded his stake .
new filing discloses raises for bank of america s top executives bac charobs
jpmorgan 's aviation conference concludes ; expect volatility in airline stocks aal alv cpa luv ual save dal
xlf pulling back on fed rate hike news . coming up : - former @wellsfargo ceo dick kovacevich - former fdic chair
netflix 's international headwinds appear muted amzn nflx
jpm downgrades vrx credit to neutral , sees best case sotp ev of 31.3 billion .
amazon has begun betting it can have its cake and eat it , too . amzn
goldmansachs ceo caught slumming it at four seasons bar to meet old gs staffer . coulda just gone to white house .
mcdonald 's tweets at trump : you 're a 'disgusting excuse for a president ' mcd twtr
this feels really meta posting this on twitter , but is twtr the `` worst stock to own '' ? chris sacca thinks so
@carlquintanilla i find it interesting that goog is trailing the s & amp ; p on a yoy basis
the intel-mobileye deal caused this analyst to downgrade sirius xm intc mbly siri
trump travel ban : apple , google , facebook skip legal challenge to newban aapl googl fb
what does the market think about tesla and its new 1 billion raise ? just look how tsla is trading right now :
mcdonald 's calls trump a 'disgusting excuse for a president ' , claims its twitter account was compromised mcd twtr
rt @jayelang : gs ceo lloyd blankfein does n't mind losing employees to the whitehouse :
rt @lamonicabuzz : who sabotaged mcdonald 's twitter account today ? a bitter democrat ? trump supporter trying to make mcd look bad ? the burg
who sabotaged mcdonald 's twitter account today ? a bitter democrat ? trump supporter trying to make mcd look bad ? th
rt @fiercepharma : allergan , teva claim top spots in gaap vs. non-gaap hall of shame agn teva
pete najarian sees unusual options activity in alcoa aa
us households are pretty fully invested in stocks . and btw , long-term returns are not looking good . spx
absurdly strong trend in adbe . the street is n't all that giddy over the stock , though . average analyst price targe
rt @anorajourno : us households are pretty fully invested in stocks . and btw , long-term returns are not looking good . spx
7 of 12 @mcdonaldscorp directors are over-tenured . avg . tenure : 10.2 years via @boardex
vrx is jcp'ing lol
live : mcdonald 's twitter account attacks trump - mcd says account was compromised
mnkd q4 afrezza sales 1.3m . ouch .
snap carries 'significant risks , ' moffett nathanson initiates at sell snap fb twtr
volatility hedges ahead of french election , @russellrhoads details a multi-lot uvxy call spread
yes , someone is actually keeping track of this vrx :
amzn the impact of earnings on amazon covered calls
hedging against the french election spy
trump may bring home apple , but he ca n't lick robots aapl utx mdlz nke
amzn - pacific crest lowers price target based on pressure from azure and gcp on its aws business .
the british government currently is n't thrilled with google googl
cramer 's stop trading sbux
whenever goldman says its government ties are a liability , i think of this 'quiet ' 2008 meeting ht @katekelly
us health shrs lead downside . blame amgn on bad test results for cholesterol drug . adbe lifts techs on profit beat spx , dj flat/dn
esperion falls victim to amgen 's poor repatha results amgn espr regn
@dubois missing from the convo is the decline of customer service . with amzn consumers no longer have to deal with terrible attitudes
market drifts lower ; financials drag ; mcdonalds nears breakout : mcd ba gs adbe amgn snap mule ccl ntes
rt @gigabarb : what does this analyst have against amazon amzn ?
for 1,900 , you can get an iphone 7 that looks like an old school macintosh pc aapl
rt @timothysykes : this is how you make 1,000 in one day on a 3,000 investment aim small , miss small fb twtr
nke street expects yoy qurtrly ni decline on 6 % rev growth/declining margins , valuation still reasonable @22x 5 % avg mov v 3.7 % implied .
main focus today vrx on the short side out of the gate ... morning push fail and the rest was
spx coiled spring
rt @jeffmacke : has ackman ever made anyone money ? it 's complicated ... spx spy vrx hlf tgt
rt @ldelevingne : . @gmorgenson on ackman 's vrx blunder
when ea gave modest 6m unit guide for mass effect , i guess they knew game 's state . initial reviews disappointing -
3 lessons from bill ackman 's 4b trading loss in valeant vrx @yahoofinance
rt @sanglucci : call sweepers just relentless in this aapl multi-day :
rt @aaronback : the economist : if jp morgan 's balance sheet is a fortress , citigroup 's is a nuclear bomb shelter . j
gilead : wait , it 's pipeline is n't completely barren ? gild via @ben_levisohn
rt @ukarlewitz : spy down 3 days in a row . last 5 yrs , n=60 . when spy above it s 50-d ( like now ) all except 4 closed higher w/in 5 days
rt @cnbcclosingbell : ebay ceo @devinwenig says the last holiday season was the end of retail as we know it :
3 lessons from bill ackman 's 4b trading loss in valeant vrx
rt @earningsscout : when xle earnings were crashing pundits would quote spy eps ex-energy . almost 1/2 of 2017 profits = & gt ; energy . no one st
one popular stock could be headed for a 1929-style crash . is it yours ? a quick test ... amzn nflx amzn aapl
rt @ophirgottlieb : nvda shh ... how to use options to profit from nvidia ( long )
is the bank rally over ? bac jpm via @investopedia
rt @nod008 : how you felt when you `` sold the amzn top '' 27 points ago ...
u.s. used car prices plunge most in any month since 2008 : f gm tsla
rt @charliebilello : the s & amp ; p 500 just dropped 1 % intraday , bringing to an end the most peaceful market in history . spx
could be the first time the qqq 's are below the 8day in 2017. need measure market health each step .
investor quiz . this chart is of ( a ) the ebola virus or ( b ) the xlf ?
rt @timothysykes : wow the dia spy qqq are really speeding up to the downside , finally ! glad i warned longs in chat earlier today , do n't
@stockcats @ow twtr is cats the whole way down .
vrx who sneezed ?
wow . it actually happened . the s & amp ; p 500 dropped 1 % in a single day . the streak is over : vix spy voo
twitter suspends more than 636,000 accounts to tackle extremism twtr
as go banks , so goes market ? not seeing real catalyst for today 's slide . but banks lead way down . bac c jpm gs wfc . xlf etf down 2 % .
addendum : some of us who are being marketed to by adbe , crm , orcl do not enjoy the experience
rt @neilblalock : big spike up in 20 day lows on spx . couple that w/ big negative tick . i.e things to look for on a washout .
vwap from election back in focus on iwm
why bank stocks are getting crushed bac ms gs via @ben_levisohn
dow laggards right now : gs , cat , ba
bank stocks suffer as financial sector drops in broad market decline bac -5.6 ms -4 %
so there it is ... the 1 % + drop for s & amp ; p 500 ... 1st since oct 11 , if we close by that amount ... spy
djia , spx down 1 % for the day ... first time since october
market is not really down 220 points today ... it 's fakenews spy is wrong ! ! @realdonaldtrump
nat gas investors gauging pricing impact of fickle winter weather dgaz ugaz ung
rt @optionsaction : c -2 % gs -3 % bac -5 % here s how @riskreversal said to play c
with apple well into overbought territory a healthy pullback is overdue aapl
the s & amp ; p small cap 600 sank 2.1 % , more than twice the decline of the s & amp ; p 500 's . sml spx wallstreet
fedex does not deliver . at all . earnings miss . fdx down 3.5 % after hours . keep eye on ups as well .
worst day for nasdaq since sept 9. worst day for dow dia since sept 13. worst day for s & amp ; p 500 spy since oct. 11. thanks @humonthemarkets !
tim cook needs to internalize this chart about ipads : @shiraovide via @bfly aapl
live : financial etf xlf down nearly 3 % - @mylesudland explains why investors are so scared
nike 's q3 results : sales in line with estimates ( 8.4b ) earnings beat ( 1.1b ; 0.68 /share ) gross margin miss ( fell to 44.5 % ) nke
fdx falling on its earnings report . @morganlbrennan giving us those numbers !
cue crying jordan ? or happy mars blackmon ? nike eps beat pretty handily . but revs miss forecasts . nke flat after hours . got ta be the shoes .
fedex reports q3 eps 2.35 vs 2.62 est. , adj . sales 15b vs 14.99b est . fdx
customers trust incumbents much more than tsla
is this the bottom ? spy voo
rt @ivanhoff : adidas vs nke ua in the past year . it 's not about valuation . it 's about creating products that people want to buy
shares of bidu fell on news that chief scientist andrew yan-tak ng will retire .
headlines are for suckers ( new blog post ) spy
rt @darrenheitner : nike nke down almost 6 % after hours in q3 revenue miss
spy below 233.58 . 50 day is down at 232.58
turn that swoosh upside down ? nike plunges on sales miss and outlook . nke hurt by weak u.s. retail environment .
nike is nose-diving right now . it 's down 6.2 % . but long-term investors clearly are n't panicking : nke
all major footwear stocks down this morning . nike and finishline are getting hit the hardest . nke -6.19 % finl -4.55 %
nke earnings . miss on future sales expectations . trades to 200 day sma . june otm put seller . @kpdavitt13 hosts .
today s stocks losers : aal , nike , pery
are we witnessing one of the most overvalued markets in history ? you need to see this chart today : spy voo
googl lost 25 billion in value after youtube 's ad problem via @recode
l , l , l , l , l , & amp ; maybe another l today . energy stocks heading for 6th straight losing days on the spx , longest since june , via @akeneotani
thoughtless thursday - trumpdon'tcare health plan gets a vote met sun tasr also amzn tsla oil ung gild
htz gettin ' hurt a bit :
2- then he can tell us how - as head of the sec - he would now view baba 's analytically worthless disclosures rega
what jobless claims , google searches and escort services can tell us about the stock market spy vice
rt @rodboydilm : vrx severs all ties with mike pearson , disclosed in just issued proxy .
rt @briandcolwell : tesla has significant disclosure problems ahead of capital raise - tsla
looks like that little today drop was a shakeout spy
spx it s been 2001 days since peak debt crisis on september 30 , 2011. stocks are up 107 % . but panic for sure
stocks turn lower as vote on health care bill is delayed vz t jnj unh googl hum f
'whole lot of competition ' makes whole foods a sell at ubs kr sfm wfm
are you losing sleep over a 1 % decline in stocks ? spx new post
crazy the amount of panic a small pull in spy creates - imagine the real one ...
oil vs. spy interesting how history repeats .
5-day chart of alphabet class a ( googl ) nasdaq 839.81 -9.99 ( -1.18 % ) see chart
decline to say what was modified | microsoft modifies windows 10 for china s government msft
think it 's great that twtr is thinking about a premium service for professionals . but their real problem is attracting more regular people .
twtr amount i 'd pay to draw pictures for a twitter sub service : 0 . you still owe me for f-ing up your stock .
only cost xom 4 billion in cleanup costs . the stock dropped 4 % in the next two weeks , was back to even within a m
feels like spy has disconnected from everything now ...
interesting that twitter has not broken the lows from last year while sentiment here is extremely bearish . twtr
commented on stocktwits : good point . but nke also talked about weak ret ...
our global `` recovery '' is actually a bubblecovery ( bubble-driven recovery ) . learn more on my website :
rt @stockstotrade : apparently our investor and adviser @timothysykes has been spending some time watching the squeeze on htgm with our hod
dow turns red as ryancare near death , but there 's a silver lining bac wfc gs hca thc
gs now at lows of the week after feeble bounce
most sectors got rejected right under yesterday 's highs . spy 235.34 thursday , today 235.04 . recent pivot low is 233.05
despite the huge quarter , there are still some micron skeptics on wall street . mu
spy broke below 233.05 and reclaimed that fast . a new low by only eleven cents
acha bill has reportedly been pulled ; paul ryan to hold press conference at 4 p.m. et spy ibb vxx
spy below last week 's low of 232.96 and 50day 232.60ish . we 'll see if sellers keep it below . or if those levels get reclaimed .
hoping old wall media gets consensus right freaked out so that i can buy my spy back
cramer 's stop trading aapl
in case you 're wondering ( and i know you are ) , the dow could post its first 8-day losing streak since july-august 2011 . djia
baidu to lay off thousands ? bidu
aapl note apple 's orderly and small decline -- then red this if you trade options
spx breadth 3:1 negative . tapes heavy all day ( with 2:1 negative breadth or worse ) tend to end that way . i 'm long ( healthcare ) but fyi
facebook 's filters and everything else it 's stolen from snapchat fb snap
rt @seeitmarket : new blog : s & amp ; p 500 futures trading outlook for march 28 - by @annemarietrades spy oil es_f ht
the only synergy between sq and twtr is the need to fire jack dorsey ! twitter and square fail greed
technically speaking : a shift in sentiment : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
the car lease bubble : a huge problem for auto manufacturers : = a product of record low inte
here 's the fascinating thing about the dow being down 8 straight days . it 's down 1.5 % in that span . djia dia :
black tesla worker says he faced racist taunts , violent threats via @yahoofinance - tsla trouble cc @armstrongcbc
welcome to the u.s. auto market aka the trade-in-treadmill : f gm tsla
trimmed some more bac . still in some . but less
`` the charge is that goldman sachs is able to extract certain advantages that others can not '' gs
rt @_davidelman : oh , snap , it looks like the miracle run may be over , with nke kicking it to the curb in @thestreet 's tstbracket challen
fear of missing out at the last stage of a bull market is justified , but consider dismal long-term returns spx
spx futures down 3 , was that the `` window dressing '' move , or do we see commitment ? spy
shares of aapl are down 0.1 % despite news of a big upgrade from ubs .
3 reasons deutsche bank downgraded f5 networks to sell ffiv
rt @web : saw a vc confused by wal-mart s purchase of @modcloth , the other day . as malls die , wal-mart is in position to be sole alternative
stupidstock move of the day ! dnkn down 2 % just because of gs sell call ? still looking better than sbux lately .
here 's the only stuff worth caring about from samsung 's new apple iphone 8 killer aapl
rt @sonalibasak : bill ackman is `` deeply and profoundly '' sorry for his investment in vrx , he tells investors . @cynthialkoons @bethjinks
a clear and present danger - an examination of the auto industry : by @lanceroberts f gm
had a little tour of we chat yesterday . was blown away . china is far beyond what i expected . looking at tencent . very interesting . tsla
why police think an amazon echo may help crack a murder case : amzn
@bamabroker @threepirates ca n't argue with that with inflation coming ... gld gold 2017
if facebook 's goal in this absurd ad push for fb live is to shine a light on how uncompelling that content actuall
@vsankholkar1 at this point twtr is a coin flip , i would n't recommend it & amp ; have already said so . i 'm just noting those fb ads are awful .
not anticipating a market crash , but think risk/reward of spx here is quite poor and if we get normal recession i
apple aapl to decrease iphone production by 10 % in 1st quarter of 2017 :
the 10 best spas in the world it 's important to treat your body right as trading is stressful fb twtr
icymi : why 2017 may be a more difficult year for microsoft than you thought . msft
pretty certain industrials xli do a complete round trip here , there 's no way a true infrastructure spending package passes , em is a mess
the bear cases for wall street 's darlings amat amzn fcx nvda nem mu
all the nvda haters gon na hate .
a man using facetime killed a 5-year-old girl in a highway crash . was apple to blame ? aapl mobile
fyi - aapl does n't have a duty to prevent you from being an idiot .
. @consumerreports says do n't buy the new macbook pro . here 's why : via @davidgoldmancnn
@atticusliu except they had @elonmusk tesla tsla
i love this bs . they ca n't mass produce . not a chance . there is already a better company called tesla . tsla faradayfuture
no thanks . tsla
wall street hits the brakes on tesla shares as elon musk 's push to ramp up shipments stumbled at end of 2016 : tsla
whatsapp warning - hackers can now steal bank account login with app | tech | life & amp ; style | daily express fb
rt @yahoofinance : live now : the dow moves closer to 20k , tesla tsla falls short - watch
live now : the dow moves closer to 20k , tesla tsla falls short - watch
coming up : watch @alexistvnews @rickjnewman @spyjared talk tsla , gas prices , lego 's robotics set at ces2017
little change in overall eps guidance for spx for current fiscal year since september 30 .
the amount of short interest surrounding tesla is near its highest levels ever right now : tsla
lone hacker defaces google brazil domain googl
the rationale behind cowen 's airline bearishness aal alk jblu save ual dal luv skyw
tesla falls short of vehicle delivery goal tsla via @nypost via @jamescovert1
gone in 2.39 seconds : faraday claims tesla-beating supercar - bloomberg tsla
alibaba is taking two vendors who have been selling fake swarovski watches on taobao to court :
'tesla killer ' faraday future may be dead-on-departure aapl tsla
tumblin ' vxx on todays vix sonar report in high def tattoos
a problem with gold gld
should anyone really be surprised by weakness at m & amp ; kss ? i bought almost every christmas present from amzn . i a
rt @ukarlewitz : consumer loan delinquency rate at a 30+ year low . likely see a rise before macro expansion ends spx
what does rex tillerson 's exxon mobil track record tell us ? ( hint : nothing good ) xom
criticism of xom 's tillerson deal : costly for shareholders , long-term holding jettisoned , board had alternatives --
rt @bthau : think amazon has the lowest price ? this leather bag is 49 % less at burberry @icsc retail pricing amzn
google sued by labor department over refusal to provide compensation data via @yahoofinance - googl
apple pulls new york times app from itunes store in china - aapl
been short macy 's for a while . it 's not a weak consumer , an awful ux & amp ; price vs amazon . not a sustainable business . same w dks m amzn
at the intc press conference where there are @oculus headsets and , as one analyst put it , `` f*cking huge laptops . ''
2 reasons buying tableau software shares has become riskier data amzn msft
on the declining retail sector , @bondsfx says it 's hard to compete against amazon , but consolidation could be pivot
also , there 's all this discussion about quantifying reputational damage . how is amgn facing any reputational damages ? regn
i do n't understand the judge 's ruling here . how could monetary damages be inadequate ? it 's pretty easy to stipulate a royalty . amgn regn
amgen blocks competitors from selling rival cholesterol drug amgn regn
rt @andybiotech : regn sny presumably will file for emergency stay to postpone in conjunction with an appeal , which usually takes one year
re the amgn sny regn pcsk9 patent battle news of the day
fake news , farcical policies , and phony markets : @miningjunkie gold gdxj uvxy fcx wuc .
the market in 5 minutes : nonfarm payrolls lower than expected spy uso dis gbx hele rt wen mcd gpro hsy
friday already ? non-farm payrolls will set the table jobsreport uso spy iwm futures --
apple cuts ceo @tim_cook 's pay , citing performance aapl
how holocaust deniers ( and other conspiracy theorists ) get to the top of search results goog
apple 's sales slump is taking a bite out of tim cook 's paycheck : aapl
this was apple 's prototype for the iphone ( note the `` click wheel '' design ) via
the 15 days did n't work , but today is trading day 19 . spx spy
aapl : 101 % doomed . 101 % .
guess we have to put the office 's `` dow 20,000 '' cake back into the freezer for the weekend djia
ah well . you win some you lose some . apple ceo cook s 2016 pay lower as tech giant misses targets aapl via @wsj
q4 the 16th of past 20 quarters in which bottom-up spx eps estimate decreased while value of index increased .
@scrt22 @jack no problem . everyone wants to get in if we can get management out . twtr
rt @canuck2usa : look at built in biases make sure they are in check perpetual bear or `` i hate aapl `` etc that 's another train-wreck waitin
investors may want to chicken out of buffalo wild wings stock this year . bwld
more rumors . dis twtr
rt @timothysykes : the crucial question you must ask yourself daily and answer very carefully fb twtr
@n0rbie @syncubate @fijitime71 disney will use cash and debt and hopefully no stock . dis twtr
how close did the dow get to 20,000 ? on friday it traded as high as 19,999.63 : djia
@andrewbarranca6 @nytimes @starbucks i thought i was bad with coffee . you 're worse . any best practices for grinding . we own sbux
rt @timothysykes : i will always expose pumps like these learn to avoid them or even short sell them ! fb twtr
5 trade ideas for monday : aig , cme , honeywell , mcdonald 's and pfizer -dragonfly capital.. aig mcd cme hon
twitter gives martin shkreli a timeout - cnet twtr
are social media s ads for eyeballs valuations about to be eviscerated ? : twtr fb
how the f* & amp ; k do you even use lnkd seriously ...
the inspiration behind three new starbucks products launching this week : sbux
a recent gs note has `` make active great again '' in the title ...
baba 's jack ma says he 's `` 100 % committed '' to fighting counterfeiting except when he 's not .
how 's that corner shop working out for ya ? amzn
spx futures are down 2. upper intermediate pivot support is 2260. ca n't get to bearish if this continues to hold .
apple will reportedly release 3 new ipads in 2017 aapl
legal experts weigh in on the amgen/regeneron patent case amgn regn sny
rt @optionsaction : here s how @riskreversal is trading tech qqq
rt @sharkbiotech : looks like celg q4 beat by 2 cents and revenue slightly lower celg guiding 2017 up 7.1- 7.25 revenue 13-13.4 billion
baba lawyer was nominated to run sec while sec is investigating the company . now jack ma is meeting with @realdonaldtrump promising jobs
rt @barronsnext : ces 2017 : how under armour wants to beat apple . uaa ua aapl
bank of america sued for 542 million over fdic risk rule bac
young acknowledges gild has no control over slowing . says trying to push awareness with direct to patient campaigns . gild jpm17
for those who missed it , our report from may-2016 : alibaba s sec probe : what s missing from this disclosure ? baba
rt @politicopro : trump huddles with alibaba , despite piracy pledge , reports @tonyromm . baba | photo : ap
morningstar just downgraded msft credit to aa+ ; will others follow ? via @barronsonline
bofa sued by us regulator over unpaid premiums bac via @ft
. @riskreversal aapl is there a mispricing in apple s options ? my take via @yahoofinance
the djia fell today as oil prices slid . check out our complete post-market analysis :
rt @barronstechblog : china s big semiconductor push : investors , be wary , says morgan stanley - tech trader daily - amat intc qcom
cancelling signals stocks spx
. @tpoletti wrote about this `` company '' - a dumpster full of assets - after verizon-yahoo deal was announced yhoo vz
whole foods market cancels alberta openings as canadian expansion plan slows wfm
hmmm . @nickbilton sees twtr stock hitting single digits in ~1 year , he says on @marketplace
len @regeneron - & gt ; drug price hikes seeks to mask lack of innovation - contra regn cc @dnanexus jpm17
facebook 's hiring process hinders its effort to create a diverse workforce . via @technology diversity women fb
marissa mayer stepping down from yhoo board of directors
rt @joewalkerwsj : fair criticism of regeneron ceo 's pricing position . ( in the weeds , but argument is regn benefits from high price w/o hav
regn ceo says on praluent patent dispute he 's `` surprised '' that amgn feels `` they have to take this product from these patients now ''
i 'm in the regn breakout and can confirm , len is pissed off . jpm17
we talk about putting patients first , but i do n't think the industry does - regn ceo live at jpm17
you better resign from that board or altaba you ... . yahoo yhoo
rt @matthewherper : regn ceo : other people like to blame the fda we think they have been nothing but helpful
thank god the reign of terror ends . the worst ceo in a long time . what a horrid end . altaba . what a dumb name . why
clarification : when i said len was pissed , i meant about the praluent injunction and amgn . otherwise , he 's the same len . regn
in a year , @nickbilton says twtr will be trading at single digits .
bankofamerica is being accused of stiffing the fdic . bac
beware of these internet scams regardless of how alluring they may sound to you ! fb twtr
aapl shh ... an option mis-pricing may be upon us in apple
rt @bullfan2016 : adamfeuerstein : the grand ballroom at jpm17 , waiting for celg .
rt @ophirgottlieb : aapl shh ... an option mis-pricing may be upon us in apple
@xiongtx do n't disagree , just highlighting irony of trump-ma love-in given us grief baba gets for counterfeits , notorious markets list etc
just friday ubs took target up 50 , gs retraces back to where it was thursday now @zozotrader
rt @robenfarzad : in some adults , altaba could cause dry mouth , constipation and thoughts of irrelevance yhoo vz
. @jimcramer says you need to look beyond nvidia : nvda
alibaba is paying 2.6 billion to take china retailer intime private , a 56 % premium : baba
. @jimcramer calls banking stocks very tricky : c wfc gs bac
the mid day sneaky bac wiseguy
`` reject rex '' projected on state . dept . headquarters exxon xom trump
adrian day : a time for caution , though gold stocks look like good buys : gold gdx fnv
dow 20,000 frustrations : xom is down 6.2 % since trump nominated rex tillerson to be secretary of state on december 13th . wti no help .
consumer reports says it 's reviewing its decision to not recommend macbook pro after apple fixed a bug : aapl
what do you make of @realdonaldtrump 's meeting with alibaba 's jack ma ? what will those 1 million jobs look like ? cheddarlive baba
facebook challenges 2 billion lawsuit alleging its virtual reality acquisition @oculus stole key technology fb
first time in 9 years spx has ended unchanged on the day
turns out fang stocks were among biggest drags on a day when nasdaq comp hits a record high fb -0.4 % amzn -0.1 % nflx -0.8 % googl -0.1 %
rt @realjacobbell : vrx begins its trim-down phase jpm17
facebook s hiring process hinders its effort to create a diverse workforce - bloomberg fb grc
tesla digs up exec from apple , which musk mocked as 'tesla graveyard ' : tsla aapl nvda mbly googl intc
rt @crackedmarket : why smart traders are ignoring this price-action : spy spx es_f qqq iwm
whoa . nailed it ? : spy voo
himax : craig hallum cuts to hold as microsoft hololens fails to deliver himx msft syna aapl
fb takeover of nflx poll based on rumors
it 's really unsupervised learning , clustering , and natural language parallel processing that 's driving up amd & amp ; nvda . not vr / ar = bs
did rex tillerson just lie under oath about lobbying against russia sanctions ? lobbying xom
it 's not a discount , but rather a credit that can be applied to other purchases at amzn
trump believes china 's alibaba will create 1 million us jobs here 's why it 's not impossible baba
3 reasons @twitter 's revenue could decline in 2017 twtr
rt @yahoofinance : live now : investors digest trump 's threats , aapl 's hollywood dreams and facebook 's journalism - watch
follow through ? sweeperbrief - 01/11/2017 cyh aes mx gld aapl fslr vale stt
i agree it 's critical . however , rarely see it used by regulators to point to ceo/cfo as source of org toxicity .
study : pcs no longer a preferred gift item , as 2016 shipments decline for 5th year in a row aapl hpq lnvgy
thrilling thursday - rally resumes on dollar weakness xrt oil spx wfc slw gld
as traditional brick-and-mortar retailers cut jobs and close stores amzn
listen : @adambain on twitter , facebook , youtube , snapchat and the gloomy future of tv ads cc : @fmanjoo @jyarow twtr
the market in 5 minutes : jobless claims lower , trump conference shakes sectors aapl spy ibb mrk dis dal
trump reality versus trump fantasy . `` look at how good stocks do when i yell fake news at cnn . '' twtr
twtr will live stream paint dry at this point . time to sell to disney @jack dis
if iwm breaks lower red line , sell signals will extend to other 4th qtr leadership .
broadcom completes largest bond sale of 2017 via @wsj avgo
iwm broke two pivots . 135.42 and now below key support 134.40 . see if it stays below .
uvxy quick melt
if there were referees in the market today , they 'd be throwing all sorts of flags for `` off-sides '' positioning . spx ndx
investors in struggling u.s. retailers should n't expect a leveraged buyout to save them . bbby
ms : results wo n't confirm or deny any of this , but rather just show low growth against low expectations . 3/3
tough day for market . dow down 160. only 3 of the 30 stocks up . mcd and vz barely higher . but mrk up 1 % . continues to buck drug selloff .
the most frequent mistakes that lead traders to ruin spy
apple was lower by 0.9 % as investors continue to wonder if it will make a foray into original content :
pivotal downgrades 7 tech and media stocks ahead of trump inauguration adbe cbs crm disca ipg twtr dis
pace of apple innovation frustrates product fans , rewards investors aapl pypl
after a 13 % revenue decline in 2016 , goldman sachs could see a rebound to high single-digit growth :
taiwan semiconductor just gave apple investors something major to worry about aapl via @thestreet
futures give up some gains after bofa , wells reports wfc bac
want to supercharge ? you 'll have to pay up tsla
apple contemplates original content aapl by @biintelligence
i guess we 're all going back to using smoke signals . sell your fb shares and buy walkie talkies ?
rt @adamsinger : i guess we 're all going back to using smoke signals . sell your fb shares and buy walkie talkies ?
consumer reports changed its mind about apple s new laptops via @yahoofinance - aapl
how apple 's culture of secrecy wears down its top developers aapl
. @riskreversal thinks the industrials could drop . he 's trading csx to give himself some room to the downside .
earnings expected tues : unh ms csx ual ibkr - 5 largest u.s. companies by market cap . start your research :
here 's the spx and extreme periods of quiet ( & lt ; 12 vols in vix ) with vix inverted :
video : gs ' matt fassler on what s ahead for retail in 2017 after disappointing december data
rt @optionsaction : could it be time to bet against the banks ? @michael_khouw thinks so , and he 's got a c trade .
`` he wants to be emperor his friends say , about current emperor of fb - is genuinely terrifying
oh look . another descending channel . this was spy post election
33 % of spx companies have beat sales estimates for q4 to date , well below the 5-year average ( 53 % ) .
google and facebook gave more to republicans than to democrats : reports via @yahoofinance - fb googl paying to win
tesla is taking a huge risk with the model 3 and it may not pay off via @yahoofinance - tsla
video : gs ' matt fassler on what s ahead for retail in 2017 after disappointing december data .
inauguration day is less than a week away . will that impact your stocks ? here 's what you need to see : spy voo
under armour wants to beat apple . uaa ua aapl
watch apple try to prove its wacky new airpods wo n't fall out of your ears aapl
@adamsinger @krshya we expect twitter to be taken out this year and jack will be gone soon . twtr
rt @kennyfoley3 : nvda is growth over for nvidia ? by @ophirgottlieb
aapl how the option market has mis-priced apple earnings for the last three-years ... and yeah , it matters .
aapl owning call spreads in apple over last three-years and avoiding earnings ... whoa . backtester demo movie -- & gt ;
@mschmitt9 yeah def not conclusive . just sayin meeting rus oligarch ( who seemingly gifted 10s of ms in 08 ) days before elect seems fishy ...
a vxx put purchase from 12/30 that expired friday is broken down by @russellrhoads
qualcomm-nxp deal : trump talk raises concerns - nxpi could be better for nxpi ( long )
@cgartenhaus @jack @leslieberland jack thinks twitter is his and he fails to understand that it is not . we 're going to take it . twtr
nyse down volume near oversold levels spy via @jkrinskymkm spx
rt @vanessablum : mark zuckerberg testifies in dallas ip case , defends facebook-oculus deal via @john_council fb
. @businessinsider 's @alexeheath joins us to talk about zenimax 's lawsuit against oculus/facebook . cheddarlive fb
if you were looking at wall street you would assume ms crushed , it didn & amp ; 39 ; t , & amp ; lt ; 5 % beat -
nike and under armour could be wrecked by trump import tax ua nke via @thestreet
rt @jowens510 : ftc antitrust suit against qualcomm focuses on main business and apple deal , puts cloud over qcom rebound
oh , and a final lol ? goog went public worth 26.4b ( forbes ) . snapchat might pull the trigger at 30 billion . hmm .
@rjcc @bluechoochoo that too . what do you expect fb not even close to appropriately staffed for the size of their user base .
investors should heed morgan stanley s cautious note on bank stocks and roes . via @wsjheard ms
so , people are taking the idea that the us gov should buy gild seriously ? i 'd expect to see the gov order everyone to speak french first .
the group has been selling off ; c has 64 tbv , bought back 7 % will keep doing so . buy into any weakness .
c misses the estimize eps consensus by 1c and the estimize revenue consensus by 203.28m -
the bear case for alphabet googl
downside pre-mkt : pso , gimo , etrm , ccj , himx , tgt , csk , amd , ibkr , arry , uvxy , kss , ual powered by
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` did trump mark the bottom for solar stocks ? '' by @atmcharts tan tsla fslr
@maxjacobsedison donald trump would strip naked and dance the makarena before buying gild
ebay is up nearly 20 % over the last 52 weeks , but it still is n't worth it without paypal :
treasuries weak today as s & amp ; p and nasdaq-100 find a bid -- reversal trade in bonds could be interesting spy qqq zb_f zn_f tlt tbt
how to trade the negative reaction to gs and c earnings with @jeremynaylor_ig losses can
point view wealth management 's john petrides says nflx is overvalued , pointing to the emerging battle for original
upgrades & amp ; downgrades : disney dissed , halliburton hailed . dis hal burl
artificial intelligence , machine learning could threaten apps amzn bidu crm googl fb msft intc tsla
@nichcarlson it 's cheap . there is hope for the new iphone but i do n't think it will matter . new direction and ceo needed . aapl
@nichcarlson not following my @cnbc spots . yes . we 're very disappointed in apple . 14 pe for a reason . they have nothing going on . aapl
stocks little changed in morning trading on wall st , despite upbeat earnings from banking giants gs and c . djia and spx broadly flat .
nflx reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.02 eps and +1.33m revs compared to ws
davos ca n't even provide heat for the ceo of goldmansachs @serwer @alexistvnews gs
aapl shh ... . apple released its next big thing and nobody noticed via @sai
rt @businessinsider : facebook won t pay publishers for live videos anymore fb
ok once again a bank stock is down ( ie gs ) following great results which means the mkts are pricing in the downside of @realdonaldtrump
edward @snowden tells @bnn 's @bruce_croxon cantech17 blackberry claims it 's secure , but `` its really sad that this is not the case . '' bbry
kind of sing-song-y , is n't it ? `` citigroup near session low , ficc wo n't grow '' -- c wallstreet earnings
rt @hap_sneddon : led to bbry losing its way recall being on with @hainsworthtv talking the stk drop after jobs salvo . me : '' but they have th
rbc 's mark mahaney : no reason to buy netflix right now nflx
another big cell tx panel starting up here with . adap blcm pfe nk and celg .
rt @gilliantan : trump is n't the only reason goldman 's staff count is down via @bfly gs
and it 's about to embark on a round-trip back to active ... imo . spx ndx
breaking : netflix says houseofcards season 5 delayed to q2 . nflx hoc
earnings expected thurs : ibm unp axp bk bbt - 5 largest u.s. companies by market cap . research them here :
ten . more . days . @wholefoods a block from @nasdaq . hellolunch wfm
@rodboydilm at least one @realdonaldtrump nominee is qualified to take a chinese fraud public . he 'll be running the sec . baba
twtr
twitter sells fabric ... . here is how much they like developers twtr
china to slash ev battery prices by 40 % . tsla gigafactory price advantage evaporates . via @barrons
rt @jdmarkman : trump/reagan stock market comparators should be careful what they wish for spx
rt @wallstcynic : @bysamro which , if other nflx trends hold , would mean that netflix would have to raise 16 billion per year . investmentg
alligatorjaws always close ... eem spx
tsla escapes recall in probe of death linked to autopilot via @bloomberg
las vegas sands agrees to pay nearly 7 million penalty to resolve fcpa charges related to china and macao lvs
the trump error begins ! spy uso trumperror disruptj20 inaugurationday --
sell the news ? twtr stock down on inaugurationday even as twitter fan trump set to become president . @realdonaldtrump @potus @potus44
where there 's smoke , there 's not always fire : be careful with these 10 rumor mill stocks ddd feye prgo kors
boeing has a trillion reasons to be worried about a china-trump trade war ba aapl gm
while other companies ride the trump tide , boeing scales back amzn ba fcau
how amzn is becoming the kind of retailer it hurt
stocks that are down big today on the inauguration tgd bmy csx endp mnk aes wba alle efx alxn nsc ge
china gears up to take on trump even as domestic economy slows to 26-year low spy fxi
check out the s & amp ; p chart from today spx
rt @optionsplay : gild prints a new 52-w lo , weak rel . strength & amp ; bearish trends , look for continuation lower
nflx stock and marketing team are both on
i wrote about a fun recent streak the s & amp ; p just logged spx
rt @ldelevingne : bizarre link to platinum partners in this case gs
ibm selling put spreads every 30-days but _avoiding_ earnings 3-yr , 2-yr , 1-yr , 6-mos via @cmlviz back-tester :
twitter investors do n't care about trump 's new twitter handles twtr
why a hunter harrison bid for csx is n't as simple as it seems cp csx nsc
rt @mattrosoff : hard times for qcom -- aapl suing for 1b
hard times for qcom -- aapl suing for 1b
dear twtr , u are a disaster @jack ( see full pic )
apple sues qualcomm for 1 billion , alleging extortion via @forbes - aapl qcom
rt @mattmillercubed : tsla @elonmusk @ophirgottlieb @howardlindzon so , you 're saying i 've got a chance ? to survive the drive ? good on ya el
here are the last 6 months summed up with a cartoon . the stock market can have serious mood swings :
twitter mistakenly forces users to follow @potus ; facebook post calling out incident mysteriously altered fb twtr
the 7 biggest lies you 've been told about penny stock trading i got ta cut through the bs fb twtr
is nike bracing for a slowdown ? nke
nincompoop . twtr
trump 's likely pick to head the fcc wants to end net neutrality . cmcsa nflx vz
mcd or cmg , depending upon what you order
mark zuckerberg virtualreality is going to take some time to get where it needs to be . fb
coverage of all things volatility from last week vix vxx skew svxy uvxy
which of trump 's cabinet spots are still undecided ? fmcc fnma gs
mcd , googl & amp ; msft all set to report earnings this week .
toshiba : canon to the rescue , again ? ! via @barronsasia wdc mu
rt @jacobawohl : q4 earnings show wells fargo wfc is still losing customers // clearly c jpm bac and others are scooping up their busine
q4 earnings show wells fargo wfc is still losing customers // clearly c jpm bac and others are scooping up thei
mcdonald 's cites `` challenging comparison against the prior year '' for the decline in us sss . mcd
mcdonald 's comparable sales fall less than expected mcd earnings
spx futures down 3-4 handles here are some levels & amp ; thoughts to start the week .
yahoo faces sec probe over hack disclosure yhoo
but us comp sales , the most watched metric , fell . turnaround over ? mcd
yhoo - is the target of a sec probe over the 2013 and 2014 cyberattacks .
u.s. stocks open lower -- mcdonald 's third-biggest weight on the dow after 4q revenue miss , lower comp sales . mcd
amex is moving on from costco axp cost
this is why stocks are risky right now . spx vix
rt @matt_townsend : . @nike on list of companies at risk in a u.s.-china trade war via @markets nke
wall street is n't super bullish on the u.s. stock market . that may shock you . here 's the data . spy
rt @energzdeconomy : rextillerson now a shoo in for secstate after mccain , graham , rubio resistance vanishes . exxon oott xom
spy is playing with friday 's low . 225.97 . see if sellers keep it below ( or not ) 225.41 is week 's low . 50day is 223.44
qcom off 12 percent
let 's just flush this baby a little more for the proper short squeeze can we ? ? spy iwm
the only problem with hoodies is they contaminate your cell cultures . there were plenty of lab coats at vrx .
mcdonald 's may have been disappointing today , but @jimcramer says investors need to take a long-term view :
yahoo among many disclosing data breaches to sec via @wsj @cfojournal yhoo
rt @andybiotech : poor teva paid agn 40b just to assume `` all liabilities and claims relating to the operation of acquired assets ''
have to read the entire complaint because agn may not be selling those drugs any more.. so it is n't clear what the
the great american mcdonald 's comeback may be over . here 's why : via @lamonicabuzz mcd
rt @cfojournal : yahoo among many disclosing data breaches to sec writes @cfojournal 's @vipalmonga yhoo cybersecur
yahoo among many disclosing data breaches to sec writes @cfojournal 's @vipalmonga yhoo cybersecurity
auto parts retailers banged up as amazon moves in amzn aap azo orly ebay fdml dorm
as promised , president trump withdraws from the trans-pacific partnership spy
rt @corytv : how the @yahoo sec investigation might endanger the @vz merger . a discussion with @carolmassar yhoo ht
citi units to pay 28.8 million for giving u.s. homeowners 'runaround ' : watchdog | reuters c @cfpb
yahoo says sale to verizon delayed until second quarter via @technology yhoo
hal fell 2.6 % today after company announced massive quarterly loss - rival slb also dipped 2.5 % . another tough day for oil sector ...
`` pai indicated that a top priority under the new administration would be dismantling net neutrality . '' nflx
rt @cnntech : yahoo now expects its sale to verizon to be delayed : yhoo vz
. @apple 's legal assault on @qualcomm is a bid to rake back slowing phone profits . apple tech aapl
under armour is wall street 's new punching bag ua nke m addyy 
yahoo `` earnings '' report . yhoo
i don t think anyone is bearish enough on amzn over the near term , '' says @hedgeyeretail .
not really -- there is n't much that can be done against agn -- the sold the division..
`` no growth rebound or needle movers '' apple downgraded by @barclays pt 117 aapl
`` the administration 's policy on china is somewhat out of date considering where china is today '' - fdx ceo on trade , tpp on @cbsthismorning
insideetfs attendees : find us at booth 211 to learn how powershares qqq invests in innovation .
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures flat ahead of earnings reports spy uso aapl baba jnj vz yhoo
rolled ibm feb 170 calls to feb 175 , taking out 3.50 ( gives a negative 89c basis going forward )
@xvlucky1 it will need time now baba
benchmark 's dan kurnos previews ebay 's q4 earnings amzn ebay
@mcwm @apple maybe you can articulate their pathetic strategy . we have none , is what i think . aapl apple
study in contrasts today : verizon 's worst day in 5 years yahoo soars after earnings yhoo vz
verizon could enter long-term downtrend vz yhoo via @investopedia
stocks could remain range-bound until trump policy details become clearer aa aet jnj baba hum ba spy
i deactivated my fb account yesterday ; needed a time-out from social . have n't been able to pull the plug on twtr tho , at least not yet .
i 'm not adding to spy here . but holding from yesterday . adding on strength has been tough
. @barclays downgrades aapl do you agree or disagree with their call ?
i really wan na buy spy puts but 3:1 positive breadth telling me to chill .
the iphone8 wo n't help apple aapl
mcdonald 's lags behind starbucks , dunkin ' donuts apps and loyalty programs via @thestreet mcd sbux dnkn
aa just going stupid nuts on the car stuff , there are going to be so many dislocations in stock values because of this idiocy
join @hedgeyeindstrls @2:30pm to discuss `` trump policies vs. earnings uncertainty : a major risk '' xli wab txt de
julia says she was unfairly terminated from her job at @wholefoods after 15 yrs wfm reinstatejulia @wholefoodsdc
and then there was twtr
need more than this to recommend this one.. vrx
@brianfires no , you are wrong . long hlf and vrx is a zero .
unhealthy future ahead for fit ?
there is a possibility the blow-off is just getting started . see all sides spx
rt @goldmansachs : how will the us withdrawal from tpp affect asia ? gs economist andrew tilton explains on @bloombergtv
gld turning south at gap fill .
fintwitter reaction to dow20k twtr
3 near-term risks for apple bulls aapl
i hear @duked2015 lost his mom 's retirement buying twtr at 24
not sure where the next 10 % is but i can say with confidence these are n't levels to establish 'buy and hold ' positions , by and large . spx
- aapl apple solves biggest flaw with airpods : how to find them when they get lost
gary cohn swaps gs for dc for a nine-figure payout
geoinvesting : kandi technologies 'could be in serious jeopardy ' kndi
freeport earnings miss analysts ' estimates as indonesian sales volumes trail forecast via @markets fcx
too big to fail - it 's happening again : gs c jpm
stx excellent fade off the re-test and failed follow through momentum - love it when they do n't give any headaches and just work
fdx sentient fedex truck throws itself in front of a train after amzn expands shipping . ( ht @therealbethann from
selling down some goog shop amzn and schw from long term positions ... . sell when you can not when you have to
dow stock since the election : mcd bu utx
some people fight for instead of in math . some fight for esperanto language . my futile effort : trying to get people to stop using djia .
@fredwilson have n't said this in a while , but aapl prob has a hit with airpods , i own 2 pair . sadly , wo n't move needle on 215b rev base .
rt @ophirgottlieb : twitter china head kathy chen leaves company - twtr
twitter china head kathy chen leaves company - twtr
spx futures snapping back 14 to re-test the broken pennant- 2255ish is resistance . can bears reject price there . or do we get constructive
rt @ritholtz : today in 1977 : apple computer corp. is incorporated by steve jobs and steve wozniak aapl
nq nasdaq-100 failed breakout ( or washout ) , followed by bounce to new resistance . qqq
here 's today 's free morning call express . levels & amp ; thoughts as we see if today 's strength holds and builds spx
7 things younger than @apple 's iphone as the device prepares to turn 10 years old aapl amzn fb nflx tsla
financials : jpm ms gs c wfc
rt @bwilliliou : can @brentlsaunders shed allergan 's specialty pharma label for good ? @maxnisen @bfly agn
drifting lower for the last 20 minutes ... .russell 2000 , 2017 leader , getting close to unch ! iwm spy
why trump 's hopes of 4 % economic growth may come up short : by @lanceroberts spy spx qqq
no , higher productivity is n't what drives a company 's stock price : spx djia
quick spy chart - another lower high in a bigger new descending channel . not much `` new info ''
rt @thestreet : a mcdonald 's opened last week outside of vatican city to the disdain of senior cardinals : mcd
drug companies seek to avoid public outcry , raises prices by just under 10 percent agn
we should have taken our own advice about amd and nvda via @barronstechblog
without a step function improvement , truly viable bots might be years off . bots fb amzn
a reminder how tricky commodity investing can be : natural gas was up big in 2016 , but ung etf rose just 7 % and 3x
gs got rejected at 245 and could n't hold 242 and went red . some clues for lack of commitment
lots of sectors failed to hold friday 's highs and then went red as well . like iwm as example
nvidia was one of the best-performing large cap stocks in 2016. but this is how it 's starting 2017 : nvda
money sloshing around jnug wft gdx fit and a little uso on this mixed bag day .
4 reasons twitter shares should be sold twtr crm dis goog
why apple wo n't get a deal to make iphones in india - bloomberg aapl :
that barron 's call on aapl did n't exactly pan out
loup ventures munster bails on piper , launches seed stage fund - aapl
rt @kidkapital : biggest question re : aapl according to @adamlashinsky , can the company regain its innovative spirit post-steve jobs ?
here 's @adamlashinsky to talk about all things @apple ! cheddarlive aapl
rt @adamfeuerstein : gild finally found someone to take charge of their oncology drugs .
tsla affirmed guidance on 10/26 . `` short term production challenges '' evidently started less than a week later .
just in : tesla shares down 4 percent in extended trading after company releases fourth-quarter vehicle production and deliveries tsla
tesla down 3 percent right now after release of production and deliveries figures tsla
`` i 'm a liberal elite , out of touch so ive decided to see how the 'other half ' lives. `` zuck tours the nation in 201
alcoa aa said expects restructuring-related charges of us 0.66 a share in q416 off 0.97 % a/h - set to report in us jan 09 , 2017 ausbiz
2017 is a prime number ! spx avg gain over last 5 prime years : 16 pct ; wallstreet stocks markets maths
tesla tsla down 2.3 % a/h tesla said it produced 24,882 vehicles in 4q for 2016 83,922 vehicles up 64 % missed on d
rt @selerity : breaking : tesla motors tsla q4 vehicle deliveries , 22,200 vs. guidance of just over 25,000 .
alessandro riva leaves nvs for gild to head up oncology and hematology .
netflix watchers should be mindful of three things in 2017 , says @barronsnext , and only one of those is trump : nflx
@mathewi if u ever get the urge to quit let me know beforehand so i can short twtr stock
shutterfly taken to task by @megynkelly for failing to deliver order sfly twtr
updated : tesla narrowly misses 80,000-vehicle sales goal in 2016 tsla
spy put a low in at 223.88 . your first support point of reference in 2017. see if it can clear and stay above 225.83 for more ++action
lowest number of spx tech companies issuing negative eps guidance for a quarter since q3 2010 .
alibaba sues sellers of counterfeit goods for the first time after it was blacklisted by the us
icymi : will trump effect push tech titans to bring more jobs back to u.s. ? aapl msft ibm
rt @davidschawel : sometimes hard to wrap your head around amzn
tesla narrowly misses 80,000-vehicle sales goal in 2016 tsla
tsla tesla motors q4 deliveries 22,200 vs streetaccount consensus 25,430 covered on @morningsmaria by @cherylcasone @dagenmcdowell
aapl reported cut in iphone production is no reason to doubt the stock
rt @factset : lowest number of spx tech companies issuing negative eps guidance for a quarter since q3 2010 .
if there was a game that combined musical chairs with a giant game of chicken , it would be called `` the 2017 stock market . '' spx ndx
disclaimer : these tweets come from a salty twtr shareholder @jack
tesla is down 3 % today after missing its own guidance for vehicle deliveries in 2016 . 76,230 delivered vs its 80,000-90,000 goal tsla
rt @rorol : trump 's pick for sec brings m & amp ; a , ipo experinece ; but lacks management , enforcement knowhow . also , too close to gs ?
exxon mobil has reached an agreement for tillerson 's exit that should ease many conflict of interest concerns :
there is no thirst like fb chrome notifications which i i keep turning off but keep coming back . do you ~ want ~ me to delete my account ? ?
rt @stocktwits : could you have held through this ? these are the biggest amzn drawdowns since 1997. a chart by @michaelbatnick .
dead cat bounces and armchair contrarians spx
for more on goldman sachs and sec investigative activity of the big banks , see our report ( now free ) from 2014 gs
do any of our @twitter viewers own a tesla ? have you come across any charging problems ? cheddarlive tsla
despite terrible wearables market , fitbit and garmin plan new devices . tune in ! cheddarlive golive fit grmn
pulling back the aperture on the spx
time to short 2016 's biggest winners nvda tmus via @investopedia
rt @rorol : xom deal for tillerson 's exit eases some conflicts , not all : @emilystewartm
rather than buy it . i 've started a twtr jar . deposit 100 when you think it 's bottomed . much cheaper ! !
rt @linnaneciara : how trump-related uncertainty is bringing out the health-care stock bears alxn agn
how much did carmaker incentives , threat of higher financing rates pull demand forward in 2016 ? gm f tsla
rt @barronsnext : here 's how trump administration changes could impact netflix . nflx
spx futures -3 after a big 2 day rally . holding 2261 keeps the momentum strong . below that is 2245. pivot resistance is 2272 then 2277 ath+
apple pulls new york times apps in china after government request aapl
rt @mktsinsider : after surging over +4 % yesterday , tesla looks to start the day down . tsla
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures edge lower ahead of jobs data spy uso ceb it kool m kss
tech giants seem invincible . that worries lawmakers . - the new york times amzn aapl fb msft googl
rt @qtrresearch : reverse head and shoulders , triple bottom , whatever you want to call this - gild may have finally bottomed
rt @davidgzeiler : why apple investors should just ignore those iphone production cut stories : stocks aapl
only thing worse is twitter management . they 've lost live to facebook . no one is on periscope anymore . facebook live is amazing . fb twtr
lawsuit seeks to ban google from us government contracts googl
why is n't twitter taking advantage of trump tweet publicity ? twtr
here 's what @elonmusk calls the biggest risk to bringing model 3 to market on time tsla
banks fading hard , meanwhile gdx gld jnug runnin . jnug buyers gettin paid
rt @mktsinsider : elon musk and donald trump suddenly have an awkward alignment that 'really seemed to sneak up on people ' tsla
the state of retail in a nutshell . xrt retail etf down more than 2 % today after lousy brick and mortar news from m kss . but amzn up 2 % .
given nflx traditional earnings volatility , all price action into jan 18th is just a trade .
banks kbe and retail xrt weighing on stocks and the dow . wmt gs jpm
billionaire warren buffett says he caps spending at mcdonald s on stock market s down days spx djia brka brkb
my @forbes article on top tech trends for 2017 just dropped . ces tsla fb nvda @cheddar
amazon 's patent on one-click payments to expire amzn
apple pulls @nytimes app in china after government request aapl
the 10 spx stocks projected to see the largest price drops over the next 12 months .
nvidia at ces2017 : 3 big announcements leave investors with 5 major questions nvda amd fb goog
'everybody trying to do their own gig online is going to migrate to
what would happen if @costco raised its membership fee this year ? cost
rt @foxbusiness : apple pulls @nytimes app in china after government request aapl
rt @canuck2usa : twtr hate to say this but it looks like it may have a long in it trade what you see not what you feel
a look at the potential impact of u.s. policy changes vs. hype : @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
trump bump may be overdone for fannie and freddie -- and tesla on the latest @wsjheard podcast fnma fmcc tsla
gambling industry is cray cray wyn lvs mgm
yikes . looks like twtr briefly spiked on a bogus tweet ( meta alert ) suggesting that company was considering booting ceo jack dorsey . ouch .
rt @toddsalamone : stocks that are lower today amid upgrades : bac zion luv vlo wdc
credit suisse : beware of 25 stocks everyone already owns via @newsmax aapl msft fb googl
it is curious . but i think some frustrated with dorsey running twtr & amp ; sq as opposed to choosing one . stretched to
. @teslamotors ' gigafactory sparks warning from @goldmansachs , @morganstanley . tesla cars tsla
our pharma analyst irina koffler is n't surprised by the latest guidance from agn . read why :
esg capital settles suit over facebook shares | new york post fb
shopify shares pop as old deal with amazon mistakenly reported as new amzn shop
amazon alexa wants to control your home amzn ces2017
execs giving ces2017 keynote speeches could create volatility for shareholders ccl cmcsa expe nvda jnj foxa
rt @shaneblackmon : regn halted news pending
rt @lamonicabuzz : yikes . looks like twtr briefly spiked on a bogus tweet ( meta alert ) suggesting that company was considering booting ceo
rt @361capital : lg cap all-time high list falls to 12 stocks with financials the only small standout . xlf
spx target price of industry analysts is 2456.39. they have overestimated actual price by 7 % on average .
a 5 bln amgn market cap bump as judge tells regn ( shares halted ) to pull competing cholesertrol drug from market
regn was one the top large-cap shorts for 2017 in recent jpm buyside survey . but so was amgn
link to full regn sny amgn court ruling ( thank you streetaccount )
regn tells me of injunction decision : `` we believe we do not infringe any valid patents and are very much looking forward to the appeal . ''
big scoop of the night : @morganstanley will cut equity trader 's bonuses by up to 4 % via @hugh_son ms
rt @wallstcynic : if you are buying baba because you think the new sec chair is going to go easy on them , then what do you actually think o
aapl -- hated by institutions . i say follow the revenue stream from services ...
chardan : amgn temporary stay during sny regn appeal likely . appeal court prob upholds injunction . settlement after injunction unlikely
regn early pre-market trades around 350 ( from 380 ) .
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures edge lower ; all eyes on jobs report spy uso mcd gps gbx mdp
mr. riggio said he was concerned about that development but declined to comment further . bks amzn
after a court halts regeneron 's sales of praluent , @jimcramer sees opportunity in amgen :
sto next week spy 230 calls at 20c , creates jan 13/jan 230 call calendar now with -4c basis
get out of shares of mu while the getting is good
this troll bought and sold twtr at 23
game changer . if you do n't get the nvidia story , clearly andrew left does not . think long term . gaming vr iot
i 'm on the sidelines in fla but this looks like some good ol ' fashioned acne . spx
this is what happens when you own both the yam and the knife . msft encouraging people ditch mozilla for edge .
rt @wsjpodcasts : amazon 's latest move ? @nateog tells @wsjtanya it 's firing up third-party tvs . amzn
had to trim some amzn calls here , from wednesday . two day move to big not to sell some . still in both stock and options
rt @stocktwits : yep . the dow hit 19,999.63 and then ... djia dia
why is it so difficult to buy drug stocks right now ? @jimcramer weighs in : celg agn
dow20k , vix tumbles , @jonnajarian trades in stx , bmy calls
goog : `` over the past few days we ve played some unofficial online games [ ... ] we re excited by the results . '' no shit .
do you think apple 's iphone sales will rebound with the introduction of their next smartphone ? aapl cheddarlive
googl fb amzn aapl just an unadulterated 1-day rip
another sign of a market top ? fb
the djia fell just shy of 20,000 today . here 's why ...
@adammarx13 @adamsinger @muz4now @digitalmusicnws interesting . they have no revenue model i guess . why no apple step in . or p . ? ? ? aapl
@arampell @a16z @techmeme amadumb why in gods name would you build a brick and mortar store . guilt amzn amazon
i will always cut through bs lies like these such an annoyance fb twtr
googl selling put spreads , versus owning stock over the last 3-years .
disruptive innovation ... and mobile ads still are less than 20 % of total advertising ... entering the steep part of
apple 's iphone turns 10 today . i take a look at how significant it was and the challenges that lie ahead aapl
study : hackers say mass surveillance is cybersecurity 's no . 1 threat in 2017 aapl msft yhoo
rt @arkinvest : not only is bitcoin bigger than twtr by market cap , it is less volatile too !
campbell brown 's move to facebook is an education in poor reporting fb devos teachers via @poynter
mcd mcdonalds getting out of a market they could n't manage anymore after easy money made ! question now is how do
he got it taken away which is similar to taking his arm off . had to order a new family ipad . this might be happening all around . aapl
the djia average is sliding in pre-market hours . here 's why :
rt @bwilliliou : mcdonald 's in china is a tall order for citic @nishagopalanhk via @bfly mcd
here s how @riskreversal is trading tech qqq
googl selling put spreads as a gem to out-perform the stock
gild presenting in smaller colonial room , not grand ballroom . let s hope that was just a scheduling issue . jpm17
5 words millionaires understand better than other people get used to them fb twtr
@dsarna i 've gone after politicians left and right . this is not guilt by association . sec nominee 's fingerprints are on baba ipo docs .
@dsarna this was a lawyer involved in a major financial transaction ( baba 's ipo ) , not defending a client in court .
will republicans seek to fast track trump 's sec nominee without full vetting ? he represented baba , baba is under investigation by sec .
someone was up to something naughty in ddd | foul ball | @wallstjesus
7 industries apple 's iphone disrupted or destroyed : aapl
bank of america gets sued over dispute with the fdic over not paying what could be a 1 billion bill bac
rt @valaafshar : 2009 : he was rejected by twitter and facebook 2014 : sold his company whatsapp to fb for 21b mondaymotivation
valeant to sell 2.1b in assets vrx vrx.ca
iwm could raise some eyebrows with a hard move and close below 134.50 ( use that as today 's pivot )
europe off small and trading sideways for a week or so . in asia the nikkei gives back .79 % hk tacks on .83 % . spx futures flattish .
valeant to sell 2.1 billion in assets to pay down debt vrx
rt @wallstjesus : monday 's wiseguy sweepers , unusual flow & amp ; sentiment & gt ; & gt ; spy qqq ypf ddd xlv aapl sbux
in the hot air department : alibaba promises trump 1 million jobs , but don t believe it , by @jbooton baba
rt @lamonicabuzz : garage sale at valeant . vrx up 13 % . selling skin care brands to l'oreal for 1.3b and dendreon cancer unit to china 's sa
trumponomics divides investors as gld etf flows diverge . via @markets
cramer 's mad dash vrx `` i think valeant was talking at one point about rolling back some prices , i want to know which drugs ''
alibaba 's promise to create 1 million u.s. jobs is vague & amp ; misleading : baba via @sherisse
yhoo closed its deal to sell its core business to verizon . company will rename itself to altaba
the djia is sliding today ahead of a busy earnings season . learn more :
rt @unhedgedchatter : the competitive moats of pypl and wu are increasingly imaginary .
video gs economist zach pandl on rising wages and why the us is nearing full employment
whatsapp , gmail roped into tougher eu privacy proposal - googl fb ... good
cramer 's stop trading wynn lvs - a focus on macau gaming
aapl shh.. is there a mis-pricing in apple options ahead of earnings ?
amazon lags behind apple , google , and facebook on renewable energy amzn
rt @thestreet : . @jimcramer calls banking stocks very tricky : c wfc gs bac
let 's not get too excited - valeant still has a big debt pile to dig out of @maxnisen via
new valeant = old valeant : wells fargo lrlcy vrx
the guy who created one of apple 's most beloved technologies is leaving apple aapl
end of a stock-market era : alcoa breaks tradition of being first to report earnings aa arnc
rt @techguard1 : ottlegalrebels : rt cgledhill : microsoft ceo satya nadella spoke at the fintech ideas festival ms
spx futs up 1 as this upper range tries to hold . important support area 2260-2265. a hard close below gets bears growling . resistance 2282
mike khouw sees unusual activity options in freeport-mcmoran fcx
nearly 200 s & amp ; p 500 stocks are now in correction territory endp fslr nem nvda
credit suisse : fangs will increase r & amp ; d spend this year as large cap tech focuses on product development in 2017. to
after continuing to disappoint investors , allergan is set to shift its focus towards accretive m & amp ; a :
new draft chinese regulations would drastically limit aws , microsoft 's roles in their chinese operations amzn msft
it 's no secret that exxonmobil and rex tillerson have deep ties to russia : xom
acushnet vs. costco : titleist is seeing an unusual competitor in golf cost ely golf amzn
rt @francesdonald : was worried about potential hits to c heading into the trump presser . now i 'm worried about pharma stocks .
aapl how to trade apple earnings options
rt @6ft2breadwinner : @karenhunter @ghawkinz man . trump tanking the entire pharma sector . check out labu vrx ect
watching trump : market focuses on press conference amid lack of data , earnings spu uso vxx
rt @zacharybrennan : celg ceo favors an eu/uk-like value system w/price based on value to society . gal : `` no way '' most of biopharma industry
. @timkaine grilling tillerson on xom 's knowledge of climate change - tillerson says he both lacks knowledge & amp ; refuses to answer question
rivals gang up on tsla over charging infrastructure via @fortunemag
re : trump , here 's agn 's @brentlsaunders from the forbes healthcare summit . good call , brent . bet you feel bad abou
tillerson : no confidentiality agreement in place re xom . but i ll get back to you .
rt @realjacobbell : pharma execs discuss tackling the industry 's biggest issue : pricing agn alks jpm17
@matthewherper i wish i was wrong . agn socialcontract
. @spettypi @adamfeuerstein not all of pharma . regn len schleifer and @brentlsaunders seemed pretty aware of what wa
julia , a dishwasher for 15 years , says she was unfairly terminated from her job at @wholefoods wfm reinstatejulia
why alibaba 's 1 million u.s. jobs pledge should n't be taken at face value baba
with lattner and casebolt additions , tesla continues to poach apple 's talent aapl tsla
bought some mcd jan 122 calls 67c
ubs wants you to sell citi shares ; here 's why c
amazon to pay c 1.1 million to settle canada pricing case amzn
mixed markets , ibb & amp ; xlv fall on trump talk . @jonnajarian buys calls in mdlz & amp ; crm .
rt @firstadopter : peter thiel compares tsla elon musk to donald trump - & gt ;
updated : here 's how trump drug price comments flew with the ceos of abbv , myl , regn , agn
us charges three foreign exchange traders - bbc news jpm c forex
pc market consolidates around lenovo , hp , dell ; apple fades : hpq dvmt aapl msft
amazon halts sales of indian flag doormat after visa threat amzn
apple down in pre-market . wonder how much this is over concerns about how much it could spend on content aapl
good morning . mixed/red markets around the world . in europe the ftse-.28 % dax-.58 % cac-.32 % . in asia the nikkei-1.1 % hk-.46 % . spx futs-7
earnings preview : goldman sachs q4 2016 gs
huh . apple tv might end up really being apple tv via @wsj aapl
a peek into the markets : stock futures drop ahead of jobless claims , fed speakers spy uso dal dis hsgx kbh
spx now below 8/21day as upper level loses some momentum . see if it stays below 2260 . 50day is down at 2215
macy 's , not amazon , is responsible for its own failures amzn m
affordable housing crisis continues to weigh on american middle class fb xhb xlb
prediction ( why not ) : nflx gets acquired this year by a tech or media giant .
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` do n't expect this low volatility to last forever '' by @optiontradiniq spy vix
jim cramer : the iphone is an 'old product ' aapl
wow ! still so many mad people out there . this amzn was posted at 8:35ish lots of time to execute - geez
i would say , given how long i have pressed for this transaction and how low nflx was when i pitched it , it ai n't .
gild 's robin washington advice to @womeninbio crowd : `` figure out how to get comfortable being uncomfortable ''
what happens when gold is oversold ? gld
host @palmermx explains reverse split in uvxy . vix remains relatively low despite 100k call buyer . spx drops..
i figured we were due for a down day at some point . all the banks report tomorrow and earnings season begins ! xlf kre stocks banks
why companies are willing to let trump take credit for previously-planned job creation amzn baba dow
qqq spx today was not a sell-off , it was rounding error .
rt @russellrhoads : working on next week 's earnings blog thought i 'd share ibm has dropped on 11 of last 12 earnings ibm reports next thurs .
amzn us jobs , chk selling assets , fb price target lowered , aapl original content , bac earnings..
despite the focus on @realdonaldtrump 's tweets , why is n't twtr benefiting more ? neil doshi discusses w/ @bytomlee .
apple : @wellsfargo chops 5b off march revenue estimates on iphone weakness aapl
`` when mistakes are constantly in your favor - they 're not mistakes , they 're lies . '' @profgalloway fb
ms analyst adam jonas : `` development and testing of autonomous cars could involve potentially significant numbers of civilian casualties . ''
yesterday 's top ftse100 fallers - assoc . british foods abf , shire pharma shp , dixons carphone dc. , carnival ccl and tesco tsco
spx futs up 3 after two sessions of volatility . 2260 did hold again with a close above . new pivot support is 2254 resistance is 2277-2282
breaking : bank of america bac q4 revenue , 20.22b vs. 20.89b expected
bank of america shed more jobs in the fourth quarter : 985 positions . bac charobs
coming up : watch @alexistvnews @rickjnewman @spyjared talk bac jpm wfc bank earnings , tsla , & amp ; robots taking job .
rt @lamonicabuzz : bac does n't mention trump in earnings release . but alludes to fed . says well-positioned to grow with `` backdrop of rising .
jpmorgan q4 beats , bank of america mixed , wells fargo misses jpm bac wfc
netflix is spending more on domestic content this year than all the networks except abc , sports excluded . nflx
god please let donald trump tweet something bad about netflix nflx
. @jimcramer looks at whether limitations on facebook 's ad load could stifle the stock 's rally : .
rt @thestreet : . @jimcramer looks at whether limitations on facebook 's ad load could stifle the stock 's rally : fb .
intel on intel jhonsa sits down with intc execs to talk 5g and vr
blackrock 's fink is n't lending his support to trump 's plan to repatriate trillions of dollars aapl blk spy
yeah not the kind of bump that s going to do it spy
rt @frankmottek : facebook outage reported widespread in us and europe , timeline not loading , other issues @facebook fb @knx1070 @cbsla @.
machine-learning algorithm identifies tweets sent under the influence of alcohol - via @techreview twtr
i wish someone had taught me these rules earlier in my career so i hope they help you now fb twtr
starbucks is ending its `` evenings '' program via @forbes - sbux
spx up -bank earnings , vix under pressure , vvix @92 , long holiday weekend , activity in feb options . host .
. @jimcramer does not find morgan stanley as exciting as goldman sachs : ms gs
apple analyst says 'no doubt ' its best days have passed aapl
rt @waldensiew : these social giants already know everything else about you . is your bank account next ? goog amzn fb
opec ca n't stop economics and the shale is happening again . oil eog pe chk u.s. shale 's great reawakening
lebron 's james ' new sneakers -- released friday with 46 pairs -- come in a hardwood box made from the cleveland cav .
if i could , i would short snap . ig sucked up all users . open both apps and compare to 6 months ago ! ( does that mean buying fb ? probably . )
apple 's getting outdone by the maker of your old car gps device . aapl grmn
how animal spirits will affect the market in 2017 spy spx
for real tho , the fb governance fetish is going to rek a company or two .
3 reasons i 'm not very smart i admit it , it 's okay fb twtr
greenpeace video wants subscribers to shame netflix on energy use nflx amzn
investors see dollar overvalued , cautious on trump trade : merrill survey via @barronsasia dxy usd spy eem
tsla announces lifelong supercharging is no longer free in china via @forbes
spy below friday 's low of 226.69 . see if it stays below , or not ! under that support is 225.89 . pivot resistance is 227.40
spx futs -7 below fri. low of 2271 ( see if they stay below ) .upper support is 2260 with last weeks low at 2254. today should be interesting
checking out @morganstanley release for details on this trading beat . of interest : risk in fx trading only item rising from 3q or 4q16 ms
bears growled all weekend- spx futures down 6-7. not 20-30. which is why , it 's better to enjoy weekend & amp ; then looks 4 set ups . not crashes
live now @bankofamerica ceo brian moynihan bac
spx futures down 6-7 handles- some levels & amp ; thoughts as bears try again .
no fun without regn ceo there too .
@adamfeuerstein to me , it means our system does a terrible job re : hep c drugs . there should be more access , gild should make more money .
the volatility cycle stocks spx
pre-market trading & amp ; why it 's important make sure you know these basic fundamentals fb twtr
stock futures drag as merger news lifts reynolds , luxottica , noble rai bti nbl lux .
again why is ms down after good earnings ? makes no sense unless a bear mkt @realdonaldtrump scenario now being priced into stocks
donald trump : u.s. dollar is 'too strong ' gdx gld jnug
stocks in the red in early trading on wall st , with financials a drag despite strong earnings from morgan stanley . spx -0.3 % , ms -2.0 %
amazon does n't deliver lumber to job sites so home-improvement stores are still posting steady gains : .
why doesn t mcdonald s distribute its food waste to the homeless every day ? grc mcd
spy did hold the 30 minute low . that 's your new point of reference on the day 226.07 . now lifting and trying to reclaim fri. low
3 catalysts drive jpmorgan 's downgrade of chipotle cmg mcd sbux yum
some `` active reasons '' to reduce if u trade each day . tsla rdr around 237.85 had me sell . nflx sold green to red . & amp ; also amzn below 811
rex tillerson 's last deal ? exxon to pay 6b to bass family for permian oil via @forbes @chrishelman xom
facebook is down tuesday , but is it setting up a breakout ahead of q4 earnings ? fb googl nflx amzn
indian privacy case against whatsapp gains momentum | pcworld fb
. @riskreversal trading earnings vol in nflx
transports have been on quite the run recently - we 'll hear from both csx & amp ; ual ceos when they release earnings a .
solid results for morgan stanley . but ms down 3 % . gs c down too . both report tomorrow . trump rally over ? brexit worries after may speech ?
brian moynihan says @bankofamerica still thinks premature to figure out where it will relocate post- brexit .
any accountants out there , can @jack get a deduction for the 5k donation if twtr continues do do nothing to stem .
. @jimcramer wants to know if there is anyone left to upgrade netflix : nflx
@dasan `` the numbers are bullshit '' is where i always end up . baba
winners and losers from trump 's u.s. dollar comments uup cew gld ko udn wmt mcd
should facebook investors start worrying about snap 's ipo ? fb
banks sold down with ms today as it went red and could n't hold morning gains . iwm also on weaker side .
going on now at `` government sachs '' gs
well , yes . the big problem is unwillingness to write a big check that saves money over time . gild
morgan stanley cuts apple estimates and predicts an iphone 7 sales slump for 2017 aapl
amazon could soon disrupt america 's largest clothing stores - amzn
5 out of 5 economists agree : there ai n't no such thing as free shipping . amzn
why apparel retailers moved higher on trump 's comments about the dollar coh gld hbi nke rl xrt
united airlines q4 beats , but q1 costs to surge ; csx q4 mixed ual csx
here we go again with c shortfall on equity trading but overall positive numbers
gs shares drop on earnings 1 minute @igcom chart 4q eps 5.08 , may not compare with estimates of 4.84
goldman sachs gs stock currently -1.6 % in premarket trading on 15k shares of volume in immediate reax to earnings .
rt @cheddar : to win the fight against fake news , @storyful 's @mjenkins says fb needs to incentivize users to read & amp ; share verified reports .
aapl already mentioned by chinese media as high profile target for retaliation in a trade war .
confirming the ovious . change needs to come to apple . fast . aapl innovation decline .
after realizing live video is hard to do , @kurtwagner8 says many people wonder if fb will pay publishers for premi .
podcast : back from davos @scaramucci on @cnbc splk hpt @kevinolearytv running nflx at the close : via
why i m not putting a lot of stock in these last gasp obama era cases against at & amp ; t , qualcomm , oracle t orcl qcom
@mansfieldforpa agree with both of you . they are stripping it down for sale . let 's see if they can get it done . twtr
at current levels , goldman sachs shares remain roughly 5.3 % below their all-time high of 247.92 : .
the app store is present in china , where app-related spending skyrocketed last year , and google play is n't : .
twitter sells fabric to google . this is a puzzling transaction as this is an app analytics company that twitter ads used . twtr goog
gs ' ceo lloyd blankfein talks markets & amp ; economic growth @cnbc @andrewrsorkin @beckyquick @joesquawk wef17
mixed mkt , vix up 5 % , nflx bearish sentiment , unusual activity tmus & amp ; hpt @jonnajarian
today s stocks losers : jcp , csx himx
@7wtc @filmprofessor9 @notabubble @yusschr too expensive now . missed their changce . nflx might be bigger than these companies soon ...
. @byrnerws no sense on timing ( selling 'news ' fri maybe too easy ) but the retest of spx 1580 is out there ( -30 % ) ; .
citigroup is the last of the cheap banks , c
netflix has no plans to show live sports nflx
rt @charliebilello : returns , last 10 years ... amzn : +2,038 % wmt : +80 % tgt : +45 % bby : +18 % bbby : -1 % m : -5 % kss : -27 % spls : -54 % jc .
stocks : - trouble for toshiba and takata - ecb announcement - watching @netflix tktdy tosyy nflx
this was a one of those mornings that if you listened to the news they scared you out vs trading the price action .
live now morgan stanley ceo james gorman ms @saraeisen @wilfredfrost davos
fb zuckerberg photos have an eddie haskell feel . the shot w cops looks like loquacious kid trying to talk his way .
wedbush : netflix is overvalued . reiterates under perform while the street goes into overdrive with price-target upgrades nflx
gs ceo lloyd blankfein sits down with @bloomberg 's john micklethwait at wef17
betting on stocks to go down not working out for shorts this morning favorite targets/percent float short tsla 38.2 % nflx 5.8 % chkp 7.5 %
big-box retail : fixed ! i 'm sick of watching retailers lose . here 's how tgt & amp ; wmt can beat amzn
rt @gdinges : whole foods closing 3 regional kitchens , trimming 500 jobs wfm
how will brexit impact @microsoft 's pricing ? the company 's ceo weighs in : msft
no bump to twtr for selling fabric ?
spy ( this friday ) update - large spread bought or sold ( don t know which ) at 224/225 . for now would see as support .
harry dent promo : stocks are gon na crash and `` owning gold during this crisis will only lose you more money ! '' gld
nvda now making its move ...
google is doing a terrible job at shipping its pixel smartphones via @verge - googl
live from trump treasury secretary pick and ex- gs partner steven mnuchin 's confirmation hearing . cheddarlive go .
apple could pay 2.1 billion in interest on unpaid eu taxes | channelnews aapl
target 's challenges 'look structural ' ; goldman downgrades to sell amzn tgt
first week of jan. , i predicted on our sports biz podcast that jack ma and his team would make a splash in 2017..
citigroup unit to pay 25 million over 'spoofing ' in u.s. treasury futures | reuters c
shares : can twtr convince investors of a strong investment case ? losses can exceed deposit .
next week regn and @society4science announce 40 regeneronsts finalists . check out what 's in store for these young .
u.s. closing tesla death probe , wo n't seek recall : source tsla
stocks mostly lower as trump inauguration looms ; real estate lags djia spx ixic
marriott ceo discusses how trump 's win could affect the travel industry mar wef17
as inauguration looms , market participants eager to hear policy plans axp ge ibm twtr nflx uso vxx spy
us regulators expected to close tsla autopilot death investigation via @fortunemag
dissecting the economy @realdonaldtrump is inheriting spy
rt @seeitmarket : the smoothed arms index shows the pullback that has already started beneath the surface spy trin
spx breadth *quietly* 3:1 negative *but* the px action in tran ...
if samsung wants to compete with apple , it needs to start making headlines for the right reasons : .
as part of nhtsa investigation that cleared tsla autopilot , feds looked at dozens of tesla accidents where airbags were deployed .
tesla escapes recall in probe of death linked to autopilot tsla
although netflix ended 2016 on a high note we think investors should steer clear of the firm , here 's why : .
union pacific upside may be limited unp csx via @investopedia
spx to session lows , dow industrials negative for the year
uvxy spy ... something happening tomorrow or something ? what 's going on ? ? : )
alibaba wo n't be collecting a check from the ioc : baba
hbo is still hanging on to what worked in a previous era even as viewing habits have evolved ' .
flow gettin funky in tlt and gld before tomorrow 's bangarang .
bye-bye 20k ? dow industrial avg trading at a 6-week low , on track for its 5th straight loss . nvda lmt csx tsla
is your iphone more expensive because of a qualcomm monopoly ? qcom aapl aapl
uvxy still nervous
.. @hedgeye tgt has the least enviable competitive set in retail , stuck between wmt and amzn . it 's losing and it 's
algos know where that red iwm line is .
axp down half a percent after earnings miss earnings
despite amzn having stakes in content , cloud infrastructure , and more , @cfraresearch says online retail will alway
trump 's commerce secretary nominee explains how u.s. gets screwed in trade spy
this is exactly what fb did in months leading up to ipo
breaking : ibm revenues of 21.8b in the quarter mark the 20th consecutive quarter of revenue declines .
ibm revenue still declining , but effective tax rate for 2016 = 3.6 % i used to joke about them spinning off their tax unit ... .
95 years ago , a survey predicted the us would run out of oil by 1942 uso xom
rt @markarbeter : market spx tightly bound . has led to quick moves in both directions , but mostly lower . major bb constriction . spy
rt @filmprofessor9 : @ophirgottlieb same here , good report with swks after that disaster with foxcon last week . long aapl - bodes well i
rt @rklouie1 : ibm down 2 % after q4 results . ibm notched its 19th consecutive quarter of falling revenue , year on year
the apple tv is a mess and hardly the 'future of tv ' apple advertised aapl
wall street 's m & amp ; a chatter from january 19 alks mrk antm ci ddd ge teva prgo
apple , gm , boeing are china 's top hostages in a trump trade war aapl gm ba qcom sbux
ibm -- bears control the narrative-but how bad is it really ?
so ... fake news triggered a 23 % csx rally , a company with a 35-billion market cap .
mcdonald 's customers could soon taste the effect of higher minimum wages : mcd
downside pre-mkt : bmy , stml , hlf , ati , azn , rio , aig , axp , csx , uvxy , ge , ibm powered by
cool your jets , tesla investors @liamdenning via @bfly tsla
rt @barronsnext : sneaker competition is only going to get worse for nike . nke
no more twitter -- time for fb live for the president
trouble in @citi options trading land : bank pays record spoofing fine via @mattleising @dakincampbell c
analyst predicts 50 % crash for netflix but admits : it is likely that we will be wrong for a while - nflx
nflx with the marketing . seems like they needed a few extra months ... @beauwillimon
oh boy spy ... ... ... welcometrump
goldman cuts stock awards for execs by 5-6 % , but mum on blankfein 's haul . no filing , which suggest it 's 100 % performance-based . gs
rt @timothysykes : learn how to measure your risk tolerance do n't blow your hard-earned cash fb twtr
with a goal of producing model 3 vehicles at an annual rate of 500,000 , tesla will need more factory space :
amazon 's dash button goes online amzn
rt @timothysykes : 5 stock market misconceptions you need to avoid nothing worse than misinformation fb twtr
@cswadley are people still using it ? just noticing twitter removed the stupid moments button . they suck so bad . twtr
`` we broke the window at sbux ! '' - not the weather underground .
apple files 1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier qualcomm aapl qcom via @reuters
if you `` simplify it '' . this is where the spx spy is as of friday . and a basic plan for the week ahead .
rt @timothysykes : do you know what the biggest barrier to wealth is ? major food for thought fb twtr
interesting @ft piece today on last week 's gs protesters , with one worried about the `` financialization '' of the economy @ranaforoohar
qqq - qqq - no steam / spy , dia , iwm coiled up for a pop -
rt @businessinsider : us regulators are investigating why it took so long for yahoo to say it was hacked yhoo vz
us regulators are investigating why it took so long for yahoo to say it was hacked yhoo vz
what to watch : - dollar slump - samsung 's blame game - @mcdonalds earnings ssnlf mcd
yhoo faces probe over data breaches . spent 2yrs not closing vz deal or spinning off baba . but they 'll always dav
spx futs -3 as the world debates & amp ; has opinions on what the new presidency brings . as long as spx 2254-2257 holds . current trends continue
hal reports inline with the estimize eps consensus and misses the estimize revenue consensus by 56.46m -
breaking : halliburton hal q4 revenue , 4b vs. 4.09b expected
earnings from mcdonald 's , halliburton and yahoo on deck monday djia spx comp
min wage is one big reason mcd is selling to franchisees . easterbrook 's credibility w/ owners hangs on corp develo
watch these 8 huge call purchases in monday trade bby exel hygs mcd lyv zts mdlz viab
mcd up this am ( speaking of hidden symbolism ... ) . 1.41eps -1.4 % sss . watch tech rollout ... does n't seem ready
spx futures down 5-6 handles , here are some levels & amp ; thoughts to start the week .
mcdonald 's beats on top and bottom line , but u.s. same-store sales declined 1.3 % via @thestreet mcd
. @nike on list of companies at risk in a u.s.-china trade war via @markets nke
apple is suing qualcomm for 1 billion and that 's slamming its stock right now : qcom aapl
q & amp ; a with hedge fund expert don steinbrugge : rituals , role models and investing in cannabis dia msft qqq spy
these starbucks baristas are calling for paid sick days tobeapartner baristaproblems sbux
the not-so-mighty q . qcom down 12 % after aapl lawsuit . overreaction ? or legit excuse to bail on qualcomm ? thoughts ?
how do pink sheets stocks work ? read up before you risk your hard earned money fb twtr
international customers ca n't get enough of mcdonald 's . but sales are starting to fall in america . so is mcd stock .
u.s. sales slow at @mcdonalds as co laps all-day breakfast success but growth continues abroad . mcd
analyst cuts iphone estimates ahead of apple 's q1 report aapl
what happened to all-day b'fast ? mcdonald s us sales drop for 1st time in 6 quarters /via @globeandmail mcd
chowdhry : oracle is 'toast , ' layoffs in sparc business amzn msft orcl
how apple 's lawsuit threatens qualcomm 's business model via @levynews aapl qcom
nomura cuts qualcomm 3 months after upgrade nxpi qcom
for all of its talk about hiring , ibm has been shrinking its workforce .
fb lookin interesting ...
who cares about yahoo ! earnings -- these two issues will dominate yhoo
busiest week in us reporting season sees 105 spx cos release results . so far not so good . mcd , hal lower on profit & amp ; outlook letdowns
rt @fzucchi : not sure if corp bond issuance makes it to 10b tdy . but it 'll b close ; spreads are a bit wider across the board spx spy
does tidal 's deal with sprint leave apple eyeing pandora ? aapl p s
'the international downward cycle is still playing out ' hal
the number of americans asking for unemployment benefits recently fell to 234,000. the lowest in 43 years spy tlt
foxconn 's u.s. labor payroll could cost 3x as much as chinese equivalent aapl
yahoo earnings after the close . but is this last one before core yhoo sold to vz ? ( assuming deal goes through ? ) there is no call w/ mgmt .
mcdonald 's focus turns to tech as all-day breakfast enthusiasm evens out , us comp sales cool amid strong growth
vz yhoo the tx is now expected to close in q2 of 2017. the company is working expeditiously to close the transaction in q2 .
yahoo delays deal with verizon , says now expects transaction to close in q2 2017 ; had previously expected q1 2017 yhoo vz baba
yahoo ! reports eps 0.25 vs 0.21 est. , sales 1.469b vs 1.38b est . yhoo
shares of boeing ( ba ) , exxon ( xom ) , and ge ( ge ) all fell today after trump signed orders to pull out of the tpp
after 2nd yahoo hack dislosure , looks like yhoo users did n't fully rebound following normal holiday seasonality
yahoo says it 'll take longer than expected to close the verizon deal . yhoo shares up 1 % -- a sign of just how much doubt is out there .
ceo marissa mayer says yahoo it was a `` uniquely eventful past year for yahoo . '' no kidding . yhoo
amazon buying an after-market auto parts company is 'unlikely ' aap amzn azo orly
alibaba is driving shorts nuts baba noposition
sold my googl stock here . 848ish . will sit in calls for earnings thursday
rt @lamonicabuzz : yhoo said in earnings report that vz deal merely delayed to q2 . but vz gave no timeframe . still assessing `` impact of d
rt @mparekh : abundance of options : `` google has a messaging app problem . '' goog via @wsj
the market in 5 minutes : alibaba beats , verizon disappoints aapl aet hum baba lmt vz jnj yhoo watt fdml
@lawandloubs sbux i 've been in do n't have the backend to support 3 lines of incoming orders . baristas working at a foxconn sweatshop pace
@lawandloubs is there a whole separate line for you elites or does everyone not using the app have to suffer your youthful savvy ? sbux
rt @jenishinbollywo : verizon communications inc. misses on earnings , beats on revenue @valuewalk spy
how did apple 's stock perform the last time it was downgraded ? aapl
2017 returns ... short vol : +26 % long vol : -21 % xiv vxx
yes i must warn you about this again because i care ! fb twtr
aa misses the estimize eps consensus by 6c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 79.28m -
isrg misses the estimize eps consensus by 6c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 2.11m -
breaking : alcoa aa q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 0.14 vs. 0.19 expected
my new blog post : `` does e-commerce suck ? '' amzn
commodities : diversification or diworsification ? new post dbc spy agg
rt @katekelly : gs lifts restrictions on departing president gary cohn 's stock , enables him to cash out tens of millions in shares + get 6
ebay 's single life is more volatile : shares have swung at least 10 % in 4 of 5 earnings reports after paypal split
news outlets are abandoning facebook live , instant articles in droves - fb this could be a disaster for twtr
crm never got serious with data
sorry , ipo fans : cisco buys appdynamics two days before it was to go public csco
breaking : freeport-mcmoran fcx q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 0.25 vs. 0.33 expected
trump 's top economic adviser is walking away from @goldmansachs with a 100m+ payout : gs via @jethromullen
lets talk to chuck robbins about csco 's bid for appdynamics
indie bookstores are booming because some people want that personal touch - and some boycott amazon amzn
is it time to short this tech giant ahead of earnings ? qcom qualcomm
apple shares are doing something very unusual aapl
if u want 2 see why retail is out of the market -look at the chart . everyone has been calling crashes since 2012
breaking : las vegas sands lvs q4 revenue , 3.08b vs. 3.11b expected
breaking : las vegas sands lvs q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 0.58 vs. 0.66 expected
breaking : qualcomm qcom q1 revenue , 5.99b vs. 6.12b expected
rt @sdut : apple expands legal war against qualcomm 's cellular patents into china . qcom
lvs misses the estimize eps consensus by 5c and the estimize revenue consensus by 71.78m -
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : qualcomm q1 eps 1.19 vs. 1.18 est . ; q1 revs . 5.99b vs. 6.12b est . qcom
qualcomm reports q1 adj . eps 1.19 vs 1.18 est. , sales 5.99b vs 6.12b est . qcom
ffiv reports inline with the estimize eps consensus and misses the estimize revenue consensus by 3.01m -
@sharatibken @qualcomm @apple yeah this qcom call is all about technology leadership , patents and disagreeing with apple 's assertions .
united tech the latest dow member whose earnings report is n't wrong , but just is n't quite right
google has banned 200 publishers since it passed a new policy against fake news via @recode - googl
ebay misses the estimize eps consensus by 1c and the estimize revenue consensus by 24.80m -
microsoft earnings : expect a bigger shift to the cloud . msft reports tomorrow :
rt @anshelsag : i do n't think i have ever heard such a rebuke as i did listening to this @qualcomm earnings call qcom
rt @anshelsag : @sharatibken @qualcomm @apple yeah this qcom call is all about technology leadership , patents and disagreeing with apple 's
rt @cnntech : . @americanair is eliminating in-seat screens on new jets aal
bac a short put with edge if we avoid earnings cmlviztm
sucking up to big oil tillerson , @elonmusk admits : tsla just one of the many car companies
@navelhunt does the market ultimately reward deals vs buybacks ? vs gild nvs etc . agree , jnj atln makes no sense on valuation basis
no joke : las vegas sands missed earnings estimates in part because of one gamblers excessive luck @jackycwong lvs
this is the one wall street benchmark starbucks badly wants you to forget about sbux
right now cnbc cat b'berg cat abc trump cbs trump fox trump fox biz trump msnbc trump nbc weather news ?
rt @marcomnyc : @ajinsight twtr has all the news yet the company still ca n't capitalize . they should sell pre-made follow lists..boom !
gilead defends hepatitis c treatments on reports of side effects gild
my blog post : `` does e-commerce suck ? '' ecommerce omnichannel amzn
yourmoney : peoria-based @caterpillarinc cat on reports a loss of 1.17 billion in 4th quarter
caterpillar december sales : not so much 'good ' as they are 'less-bad ' cat
downside pre-mkt : mat , agi mck , kold , eurn , has , whr , ul , lvs , pot , qcom powered by
investors certainly will have their questions when alphabet reports earnings after the bell today :
apple vs qualcomm is rapidly deteriorating into a brawl and , potentially , a war , says bernstein analyst stacy rasgon aapl qcom
i wrote this one last time cat warned on profit and stock rose , not today
ffiv intraday bear flag setup
sorry , @starbucks . uber has become the new bff of business travelers sbux
on my blog ... 'if you are heading to a career with the word hedge ... .run ' ... spy
trump 's policies have nike facing one of its biggest threats in history - nke
cat profit warning trims dow a bit . caterpillar says strong cuts 500m from fy rev outlook , & amp ; 5 % fr wall st 's 3.04 est
@pateltexas that scares me ... pcln w earnings really does . how does it look ex-earnings cmlviztm
rt @smileyborg : someone just cashed in their aapl rsus
mms murdering the chasers today , rewarding the spread sellers spy
whole foods is closing their remaining three kitchens : wfm
google 's parent alphabet reports earnings after the bell today , what concerns should googl address ?
a 15-year employee of @wholefoods says she was unfairly terminated from her job wfm reinstatejulia
rt @thebubblebubble : 20t in gov't debt means no lifeline for caterpillar`s declining revenues : @econmatters cat h
rt @chitribbiz : cat s earnings fall short ; inventory of used equipment continues to hamper sales
why the tesla model 3 may not debut this year tsla
shares of qualcomm were slumping because its main customer 'clearly hates ' the chipmaker : qcom aapl
5 huge mistakes i 've made that have cost me millions learn from when you really screw up lol fb twtr
my 1st explanation ( december 2001 ) of the continuation gap reversal trade unfolding in gld this week :
eschew obfuscation ! ! earnings releases are still a confusing mess say @linnaneciara @tomikilgore @retheauditors
donald trump is using a private gmail account to secure the most powerful twitter account in the world googl twtr
are @nintendoamerica shares still plagued by overdone bull run in 2016 ? msft ntdoy sne
the alphabet bear : wedbush 's james dix has the only `` sell '' on the street . he explains ahead of googl earnings & gt ; & gt ;
with comparable sales falling over the past 5 consecutive quarters , whole foods could be the next m & amp ; a target :
rt @mcwm : i just made a vaguely comical goog chart
@yusifsdk do n't trust the financials . proxy on china . we dont own it directly but we own iemg baba
i just made a vaguely comical goog chart
here 's why wall street analysts hate rating stocks with a 'sell ' rating coh spy
nice of them to not specifically say , `` do n't buy off stubhub , we hate those guys . '' ebay
bullpen capital 's davidson : more m & amp ; a , fewer ipos . csco buying unicorn appdynamics for example . appdynamics canceled ipo , sold instead .
analyst : apple 's sheer size makes it almost impossible to demonstrate 'explosive ' growth aapl
sorry dummy this is twtr all over again dummy : everyone is talking because of the changes i laid out yesterday
is mattel 's q4 miss the end of this toy story ? goog mat
coming up : debating the dow stocks - v vs. axp - xom vs. cvx - ko bull vs. bear
i will live-blog the alphabet earnings report and call with @jbooton . join us here for all the news from goog :
welcome to hell day for tech earnings season . on the docket : alphabet goog googl microsoft msft intel intc paypal pypl previews below .
selling half my qqq puts . when unsure , trade in-between .
a lot of things have been misunderstood about my time at yhoo @marissamayer gsbvftt
rt @gscareers : members of gs disability interest forum join @birchfamilyserv at the @nyse opening bell
rt @cnbc : earnings : alphabet q4 eps 9.36 adj . vs. 9.64 est . ; q4 revs . 26.06b vs. 25.26b est . googl
earnings : alphabet q4 eps 9.36 adj . vs. 9.64 est . ; q4 revs . 26.06b vs. 25.26b est . googl
rt @selerity : breaking : alphabet googl q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 9.36 vs. 9.64 expected
earnings : starbucks q1 eps 0.52 adj . vs. 0.52 est . ; q1 revs . 5.732b vs. 5.85b est . sbux
our alphabet earnings blog is now live , check it out for real time analysis & amp ; commentary googl
paypal down 2.1 percent to 40.75 in extended trading on eps miss pypl
just in : starbucks reports smaller-than-expected rise in quarterly sales sbux
rt @stocktwits : google dropped nearly 4 % in just seconds . here 's how it traded right after earnings . googl :
google dropped nearly 4 % in just seconds . here 's how it traded right after earnings . googl :
paypal ( although i always want to type paypaul ) numbers in line across board . pypl flat after hours . no big rally like former sibling ebay
msft saw + 900 ( seq ) in its prior q , so a slight acceleration of growth in dollar terms , not impressive in % terms
alphabet falls after missing q4 estimates goog googl
looks like a change in google approach to taxes for stock-based compensation cost it an earnings miss . goog googl
msft flat after hours , goog off just over 2.5 % . the goog change matters , but is n't material enough to cause op changes i guess .
alphabet cfo porat describes the co s scrutiny of moonshots : `` careful stewardship over amounts and pace of investment '' goog
analysts grilling googl execs on youtube , ai and hardware . getting little by way of specifics . q4 results mixed :
starbucks sbux cut future revenue forecasts , said `` environment is challenging '' shares down 3.7 % in after hours tra
@mikeisaac if you calculate what 's possible if/when someone hacks his twitter account and starts ww3 maybe wall street
white house chief of staff now says 20 % import tax just 1 of a `` buffet of options '' to pay for the wall wmt aapl
shoutout to fabric ... but no mention of twitter : ( goog
the msft call is live ( -- rumor has it that @fxshaw will sing a pirate tune after questions .
interesting how analysts appear obsessed with the topic of @youtube on goog s q4 2016 earnings call
`` lumpy '' -- msft drink . also did the call just die ?
is silicon valley the new frontier in journalism ? fb gci nyt crm mediaunderattack
facebook is going to push longer videos into your news feed fb
well , i have no idea what the acronyms just used on the msft call mean time for a nap
false precision stocks spx
so , on the msft earnings calls , background noise just interrupted satya . : no mouth emoji :
starbucks cuts 2017 revenue targets as q1 u.s. comps disappoint : sbux dnkn
who cares : boeing , aapl , tsla , the american farmer , all huge exporters . sell their stock
spx futures flattish as yesterday 's inside day held the weekly gains . holding 2288-2294 keeps upper momentum for the measured move of 2325
iphone toppled from no . 1 spot in china for the first time in five years making apple vulnerable aapl
alphabet 's shares plunge after earnings miss . googl earnings
twtr exposure money ca n't buy and the company ca n't monetize .
@simonkingfw what do you mean ? you are saying gild should have bought pcyc ? i do n't think so ... that deal might not be profitable .
peek into the markets : stock futures mostly flat ; alphabet shares drop on earnings miss spy aal googl intc msft
gary cohn walking away from goldman sachs with 285m is causing unease among ethics experts : gs via @mattmegan5
same-store sales continue to shake starbucks investors : sbux
paypal 's q4 earnings , fy 2017 guidance 'strangely boring ' pypl
mnkd `` call to discuss company developments '' . that sounds mysterious
itakemycoffeewith absolutely nothing . black . but starbucks needs more people to take its coffee . sbux down 4 % premarket after earnings .
nov 2015 - `` carl icahn exits ebay stake , opts for paypal after spinoff `` ebay pypl bad move , carlos .
apple strategy in 'smart home ' race threatened by amazon aapl
gdphriday trump declares war ( trade ) on mexico ! spy cvx nafta q4gdp tariffdontlikeit --
benzinga 's top upgrades , downgrades for january 27 achc f ath intc cat wynn jblu whr cmcsa clvs tpc rci
markets off to sluggish start amid slew of earnings reports , economic data cvx goog hon intc msft sbux spy
rt @hedgeyehwp : after 2 years of beating sss estimates , sbux has missed 3 of the last 4 quarters and will miss next q too . i call this a t
registering the risks of alibaba 's tremendous growth baba amzn mgi
popularity could be one of starbucks ' biggest problems . crowded cafes could be discouraging customers : sbux
rt @capitalobserver : retail stocks being kicked while they are down m wmt tgt bbby
alphabet 's mysterious cost of goods expense cost it a q4 earnings beat goog googl
paypal 's q4 : an analyst 's likes and dislikes pypl amzn
pershing square defends valeant 's progress , ca n't defend its stock performance vrx
rt @yahoofinance : starbucks says 'congestion ' in stores crimped sales sbux
bofa economists : free trade is n't necessarily free bac trump mexicowall nafta china wto
rising interest rates are a win for savers , right ? not exactly . charobs wfc bac
rt @melissaleecnbc : trump 's trade advisor navarro on @powerlunch called c report `` fake '' & amp ; said c & amp ; gs have no credibility
tesla explains canceled order with german supplier shw tsla
alphabet 's q4 fails to excite , but long-term view remains largely unchanged goog googl
spy below friday 's low 228.76 & amp ; the gap pivot at 228.50ish . need to see if pivots get `` reclaimed '' or do sellers have a bit more power .
this is why i am long spy puts -- & gt ; policy error -- & gt ; near record low vol ( vix ) -- & gt ; valuation at 19x
call of the day via @slangwise : it is simply not possible for apple to spike up post-earnings aapl
sbux hopefully the 10k refugees are experts in throughput , otherwise they 're going end up getting laid off ...
spy 8day is 227.62 we 'll see if can reclaim 228.51 or if sellers keep it below
fit support at 0 . will probably bounce prior to that
fitbit taking 68 mln write off inventory & amp ; equipment , 37 mln rebates , 41 mln return reserve , 17 mln warranty reserve fit kitchensink
breaking : fitbit to cut 110 jobs in reorganization & amp ; sees q4 revenue below previous estimates ; fit down nearly 20 %
there 's a record number of speculators betting against the vix right now . a must-see : vix spy
mobile growth may have hurt starbucks in q4 sbux
goldman ceo to staff : 'this is not a policy we support ' gs
goldman 's blankfein reacts to trump immigration ban : 'being diverse is not optional ' gs
starbucks ' ceo 's strong stance on the immigration ban has led to very conflicting social media responses :
the market in 5 minutes : walgreens-rite aid , personal income , trump 's executive order spy bah rad dis dht ntap
nice one , goog : google home page showing anti-japanese wwii internment lawyer fred korematsu
citigroup plans to exit u.s. mortgage servicing operations by 2018 . c
. @goldmansachs ceo fired off voicemail saying he does n't support trump travel ban & amp ; warning of 'disruption ' gs
@otis_reid if you `` manufacture '' goog and amzn and currency for ecuador and el salvador to use , you do n't have to manufacture real stuff .
spy looks more like an island top . iwm failed at the 50day . and names lik googl that broke out and failed friday at 861 needs time
a number of tech ceos are speaking out against trump 's immigration restrictions . googl fb msft aapl amzn down today , nasdaq down 1.2 %
in the near term , further upside for tesla is possible , but it may be very limited : tsla
rt @marcmakingsense : spy gapped lower , leaving a 3-day island top ; a bearish sign unless the gap is filled . 2273.8 is 61.8 % retracement of
trump travel ban highlights risk to corporate supporters and opponents ; boycotts hit uber , starbucks sbux spy
but fitbit is all the rage -- why u no buy their stock ? ( heavy sarcasm ) fit
emotion is the enemy when trading . and it 's tough to be unemotional given what 's happening to our country . know thyself . spx ndx
spx breadth almost 5:1 negative . tran rut bkx under-performing the *reaction* to this supply will speak volumes ; define your risk pls .
trump immigration policy confusion badly timed ( to say the least ) from spx chart perspective stocks dj
do n't expect @apple 's q1 results to have the same wow factor as years past aapl
airlines stocks skid after travel weekend affected by immigration order aal luv
appeals court denies full hearing in data surveillance case msft
lol , obviously he does n't know that apple would go in and buy up as much of its own stock as it needs to keep that
aapl stock was historically driven higher by innovation but not anymore
fitbit is cutting 6 % of its workforce after poor holiday sales numbers fit
trump immigration ban sinks delta , american , united dal ual aal luv jblu
facebook 's q4 : conference call tone matters more than results fb
rt @lamonicabuzz : airlines shellacked . trump travel ban + delta glitch . jets etf down 2.5 % . dal ual aal hit particularly hard . overreac
ual aal dal all getting dinged today .
rt @johnnerkell : there is a boycottstarbucks brewing after @starbucks pledges to hire 10,000 refugees . sbux
in immigration debate , middle east trumps russia sbux emergingmarkets rsx gulf ksa tur muslim @barronsonline
intel ceo on trump travel ban : 'this is not a policy we can support ' intc
brussels fires warning at facebook over fakenews fb
mkt sell off on trump immigration ban - vix pops , hyg & amp ; crm unusual activity @jonnajarian
lol fit , just sad now , honestly who was on the other side of this trade thinking people were n't throwing those things in the drawer
facebook is trying everything to re-enter china and it s not working - wsj fb
fitbit cost cutting needs to be backed by sharp strategy or it 's the m & amp ; a mill for this former hardware standout fit
today s stocks losers : dal , fit , sne
exxon s trump bump is running out of gas xom
wsj : facebook is trying everything to get back into china `` and it 's not working '' fb
short sellers were n't surprised by fitbit warning fit
overnight squeeze in bonds/notes as s & amp ; p futs struggle to find a bid zn_f zb_f tlt tbt spy
rt @donnayoungdc : business backlash to trump 's travel ban pharma biotech science travelban mrk agn
under armour is under siege . sales and earnings miss . cfo leaving . ua and uaa stock down nearly 20 % premarket . nke down 2 % as well .
big miss for exxon xom
united parcel service misses holiday-quarter forecasts , guides 2017 low ups fdx amzn
under armour earnings unexpectedly fall , sales growth worst in years , cfo exits ; stock dives
fit struggles continue , but the company may still have potential
exxonmobil sales miss . but xom not doing much premarket . guess the news could 've been worse for secstate nominee tillerson , huh ? sarcasm
valeant pharma at a 7-year low . total return over the past 10 years : -11 % . vrx
exxon rarely takes a quarterly charge , but just wrote down 2 bln in natgas assets . harbinger of things to come under new ceo woods ? xom
fitbit hits an all-time low , down 70 % since it began trading in june 2015 . fit
exxon mobil 's quarterly profit drops 40 percent to 1.68 billion due to write-down of u.s. natural gas assets xom oott oil natgas
yuge miss on exxonmobil 41c per share vs 70 estimate xom oil energy
rt @davidgzeiler : apple stock will probably fall after earnings today . but that will be a great aapl buying opportunity .
. @amazon and @expedia have joined a legal challenge to president trump 's travel ban amzn
drop in googl goog stock must be market fear that @realdonaldtrump will punish based on @google exec comments fearisnotastrategy iamlong
exxonmobil 's oil-equivalent production fell slightly to 4.1 million oil-equivalent barrels per day : xom
celg 's bob hugin sitting to trump 's left - not current ceo mark alles
fdx gap started at 50 % retrace . thats always a warnings sign , hence deeper pullback target . `` the hard right edge '' .
make tuesdays turn around again . spx
see how spy handles yesterday 's low of 226.41 . iwm low 133.24 .
i do n't expect fdx to get above opening print so id like to sell 189.50 ish .
exxon mobil is dodging questions about its investment plan for 2017 , in favor of presenting at analyst summit at nyse in march . xom
does msft expect the foreign cash repatriation holiday to not occur ?
if history repeats itself , february will see a market decline spx spy
how does ubs analyst milunovich build policy impact into aapl model ? `` with great difficulty . ''
ignore exxon earnings , xom has other problems
. @jimcramer -- 'facebook 's stock has run , and any stock that has run is vulnerable : ' fb
folks boycotting starbux may also need to stop brushing teeth , watching tv or getting fake news , given pg , nflx & amp ; fb comments about trump
fed , concon , & amp ; case-shiller . turnaround tues. discussed : uaa , drys , dltr , dg , xom , hog investools
depressed oil prices are keeping the heat on @exxonmobil xom
tue not going well so far for us earnings . ups -7.5 % after weak results/outlook , nke rival underarmour -7 % on gloomy fcasts dj
delta cancellations vs. trump protests : which caused more of a headache ? dal iyt luv trumpprotest deltaoutage
one could argue the tape trades great given the 'constitutional crisis . ' respect -- but do n't defer to -- the price action . spx ndx
could us lose its 'rule of law ' premium ? smart @marketplace convo with @reformedbroker @davidbrancaccio spy
why is change needed here ? because if you want success you must always adapt , refine , refine , refine fb twtr
pre earnings straddles aapl & amp ; fb , uaa calls active , bulls in crm @angiemiles
have exxon investors become 'fatigued ? ' its shares were down over 1 % in the early afternoon : xom
trump-tech honeymoon over as alphabet , netflix invited to join travel-ban suit googl aapl
aapl earnings today which is cool , and amd , which is not nearly as cool . and ea but meh . tomorrow is fb and mtch ( tinder ) . also cool .
twtr now up nearly 4.5 % . is twitter the 21st century trump equivalent of the 20th century kremlin 's pravda ? sarcasm
jack ma not making it easy for western union as shares slide : baba wu
fitbit 's smartwatch emphasis might not pan out well . fit
the romance between president trump and investors could be fading dia spy vxx
rt @elanazak : the whole world is paying attention to tweets now . so why ca n't twitter make any money ? twtr
the whole world is paying attention to tweets now . so why ca n't twitter make any money ? twtr
the options market is n't expect any fireworks from apple aapl
moment of truth : this trader bets it all on apple getting crushed after earnings aapl via @slangwise
rt @davidgzeiler : aapl will fall on ho-hum earnings . and give buyers a great chance to get in before this happens :
looks like guidance is a little light for electronic arts . ea down 2 % after hours .
rt @callieabost : spx just posted its least volatile january in at least 55 years . avg high-low intraday range of 0.55 % , smallest since at
how facebook is trying to fight fake news in your news feed fb
infographic : in 2016 , gs employees across 21 countries participated in communityteamworks :
the man who says he 's lost 2.5 million trying to day trade is live and wearing a wolf mask : aapl
rt @misleadme : one thing you wo n't hear on the aapl call today : `` people loved our innovation in killing off the headphone jack . ''
rt @mbearresearch : that moment every three months when aapl fanboys get the latest quarterly result ... 14 minutes from now .
rt @andreascseh : apple iphone7 sales fell 21 % while oppo increased its sales by 109 % in china airpods aapl @pr
a shkreli reference ... dying . wolf mask aapl earnings
irony : i 'm the only person who likes the ipad pro and i 'm maimed like johnny tremain ... gik aapl
rt @topsteptrader : aapl 1q iphone asp 694.57 , est . 688
gale sacks ceo amidst escalating criminal probe into fentanyl drug marketing & gt ;
ignore exxon earnings , xom has other problems
as prices recover , big oil descends on west texas permianbasin shale @ernestscheyder oott xom oxy uso wti
paul gallant : `` we continue to believe the ec will issue an antitrust ruling against googl -- likely in the next few months ''
apple is considering legal action against trump 's immigration ban and matching employee donations aapl
trader tries to short apple earnings , pukes up life savings aapl twtr thefinalyolo
rt @saraheneedleman : ea said sales of battlefield 1 exceeded expectations , while titanfall 2 '' sales fell short of projections . ea
apple 's renaissance in china is key for the iphone 8 success but it faces a tough road ahead aapl
i trimmed some of my spy and ibb . not adding here into this strength . yesterday was the time to scoop it up long .
here 's how much it costs an airliner to cancel a flight aal dal ual deltaoutage
rt @arjunkharpal : apple 's renaissance in china is key for the iphone 8 success but it faces a tough road ahead aapl
i 've written about steve jobs 's family halving its disney stake . aapl dis @barronsonline
aapl `` trade idea 2 : buy feb 3 expiry 120/117/114 put butterfly for 0.50 . '' this is a bust , can try to get something for 120/117 at the open
looks like a bit of starter flow rotating back into financials here.. iwm bac
instagram is ruining snapchat 's story fb by @biintelligence
fred smith : @fedex using almost 100 % more tires to produce same mileage [ vs 20 yrs ago ] . why : so many potholes ... tearing up tires faster fdx
facebook has one long-term concern that you need to know about fb
how trump 's immigration policies could impact the future of apple aapl
rt @nanexllc : gdx went right to the luld circuit breaker . grama entered in more shares than she wanted .
why the case for a border adjustment tax relies on a questionable assumption dow intc kr intc mcd vz uup wfc
rt @seeitmarket : welcome to february . the 'weak link ' in the best 6 months of the year spx
rt @mcwm : the market does not seem to mind this 500 million penalty against fb tho
what tim cook does and does n't say about the iphone and other apple products . aapl
fb is reporting earnings in just a few , we 'll see if zuck comments on this in the earnings call
we 'll just leave this little joke right here fb
analysts thought fb revenue growth would slow . it did , but not nearly as much as wall street expected
rt @scottbudman : update : facebook loses its vr case , has to pay 500 million in damages . fb
not the outcome most were expecting fb
facebook loses 500 million virtual reality headset verdict via @technology fb
fb i think fb could end down tomorrow depending on call . future is n't really as clear as it used to be . hope it stays hot for longs .
ex-twitter ceo dick costolo apologizes for letting twitter become a haven of abuse twtr
in other words : 500m , even if the verdict stands , it is n't a big deal for cash-rich fb
bad week for peoria cat
fb rally now under the 1.75 % mark .
. @jbooton and i are breaking down numbers from this ridiculous facebook earnings report in a live blog . join us !
boycottstarbucks may be the biggest boycott of a public co. in 5 years . but will it actually hurt the company ? sbux
do apple suppliers fall far from the tree ? aapl crus oled swks tsm
as i said ... i do n't think fb has a clear future growth path for a 350b market cap .
rt @sarahfrier : zuckerberg says entering china is part of the long-term plan , but there 's no news at all in the short term . fb
in q4 , political spending in the us was n't a top 10 vertical for facebook , sandberg says . `` no one event is that big for our business . '' fb
quote of the century ... sheryl sandberg : ' 500 million judgement in not material to our business ' fb
this analyst questions apple s china revenue claims via @barronsasia aapl
here 's that bigger picture spx few which shows different trends and why active traders are cautious up here . spy
quick spy visual from yesterday with language . i 'll update after mc- some say it was a rdr sell signal at 228.20
spy below yesterday 's low of 226.94 ( see if it stays below or gets reclaimed ) . tuesday 's key support spot is 226.30ish . stay on ur toes
spx futures -8. that island top from monday/ hairline fracture will try & amp ; break the accelerated trend . 2267-2270 is key area
good morning . mostly red arrows around the world . europe , the dax-.3 % cac-.07 % . in asia , the nikkei-1.2 % china closed . spx futures -8
fb boilerplate language can and will be used against it , again !
rt @howardlindzon : quote of the century ... sheryl sandberg : ' 500 million judgement in not material to our business ' fb
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures drop ahead of earnings , economic data spy uso aa fb pm mjn amzn
goog cloud exec is leaving the company
despite impressive growth - closing in on 2b users - @facebook stock is n't getting much of a post-earnings pop : fb
this is the peak for facebook : chowdhry fb
lmao @wallstjesus spots the strangest action vrx - zero to hero play ? or maybe some cheeeeap protection on an equi
microsoft takes issue with trump 's executive order on immigration . read letter from msft chief legal officer here .
warning : apple could dive over 40 % by early 2018 aapl
editors picks @reuterstv - isis flees its luxe hotel ; tillerson steps in ; and the latest amzn air force plans .
amazon options traders are pricing for a much smaller-than-usual stock price move , as @tomikilgore explains amzn
swks next aapl ecosystem domino to fall ? crus
on facebook 's quarter , @cnet 's @benfoxrubin warns that the platform is running out of ad space , so revenue growth m
uber to suspend service in taiwan , and microsoft asks for exception on trump eo . watch : cheddarlive golive msft
facebook 's soon-to-be conflict : netflix 's ceo is a board member fb nflx
2x value tweet : dr ruth to morning sex , amazon misses earnings a lot . amzn
rt @maxnisen : ahahahaha millennials bought a bunch of vrx last year
ahahahaha millennials bought a bunch of vrx last year
should investors fear new 52 week lows ? stocks spx
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : amazon q4 eps 1.54 vs. 1.35 est . ; q4 revs . 43.74b vs. 44.68b est . amzn
whoa . amazon misses on revenue . but beats on eps : amzn
amzn not enough to break highs .
breaking : amazon amzn q4 revenue , 43.74b vs. 44.68b expected
every twitter takeover rumor of 2016. there were a lot . twtr
rt @marketwatch : amazon earnings just hit . dive in over at our live blog : amzn
i was wrong . not a blow out quarter for amzn . options will be a 0- there 's some support 780ish . if it gets there
rt @cnbcclosingbell : amzn down 3.4 % after hours
rt @lamonicabuzz : amazon beat on earnings but missed on sales . guidance looks a little light as well . amzn down 3 % after hours .
more : amzn sales rose to 43.74 billion in the fourth quarter , below analysts ' expectations of 44.68 billion
amazon 's sales increase falls short of analyst expectations , but profit jumps 55 % amzn
amzn down 4 percent after-hours , currently third-largest decliner on s & amp ; p 1500 post market .
amzn at-the-money 840 weekly straddle 41.35 into the close , a move of 4.9 % . drop is 9 less than the options priced in
twitter -9 % in pre-market twtr
twtr q4 revenue misses estimates . 717m versus 740m expected . stock down more than 6 percent .
for @twitter the platform , the trump effect is more like a @realdonaldtrump curse on twtr
twitter reports q4 adj . eps 0.16 vs 0.12 est. , sales 717m vs 740m est . ; stock falls 10 % twtr
twtr down nearly six percent on report of missed revenue expectations . ruh roh
twtr getting oakley 'd after earnings . if the election quarter was n't meaningful for key metrics , nothing will be .
twitter twtr shares tumble 8.6 % in premarket trading , despite 2 million new users . live prices :
i 've spent nearly entire subway ride looking at twitter & amp ; tweeting about twitter 's inability to grow sales/users at faster clip . meta twtr
rt @msabalakrishnan : collective oof in the office : twtr crates after ugly revenue miss , shockingly weak guidance , by @berkeleyjr
ballmer ( one of top twtr shareholders ) says when he talks to @jack , convo goes something like this `` more , more innovation ... move move move ''
`` it might have felt like we weren t changing much over the last year . '' - @jack twtr
twitter 's ad revenue declined yoy for the first time since its ipo . also saw the slowest quarterly revenue growth since that time . twtr
on twitter : advertisers pulling back spending lead to revenue drop says atlantic but user engagement grows twtr
shares in twitter down 10 per cent in pre-market trading , as it missed already conservative revenue expectations . twtr
twitter posts flat u.s. monthly active user growth , despite election focus twtr
regn wins the contest for longest safe harbor statement
twitter also warns of a more competitive environment for branded advertising since mid-jan. is that because of instagram stories ? twtr
twitter 's revenue growth falls to 1 % , slowest in the company 's history . twtr
twitter outlook a few characters short , and coke 's forecast fizzles - today 's stocks to watch : twtr ko
@cartermansbach everyone is always `` encouraged by the metrics '' ... but bottom line when you are a public companies is revenues . fix it twtr
analyst makes fairly savage snow joke about eylea guidance on regn call . also , company wo n't be doing single product guidance in the future
added a little more twtr pre market in this plunge . the whole company could be managed by 8 robots and three comedians . trust me .
thrilling thursday - shorting oil at 53 - again uso tza ung sqqq twtr --
rt @claireatki : twtr down 9 percent in pre-market . yikes ! bring back @adambain
regn ceo calls out `` constant price increases '' and `` tone deafness '' in tnf drug class . abbv jnj amgn
not surprised twtr shares are dropping . rich content but content ai n't for sale . ca n't get ad revenue on a site businesses do n't run ads
rt @kchaykowski : twtr shares fall 9 % in pre-market trading on 4q revenue that misses estimates . 1q earnings forecast is also weak .
the early bird did not catch the worm . twitter stock still diving after reporting fourth-quarter earnings . twtr
tsla starting to flag intraday
yes , twtr 's desire to protect pearl-clutching sjws is virtuous & amp ; noble ( rolls eyes ) , but how about some dividends for us `` evil '' investors .
twtr stock is down to new lows , here is how as its new ceo i would make it profitable .
regn joins long list of drug cos receiving subpoenas from mass . doj office re : patient assistance programs
yeah , lots of bears on fb..
the run in nvda is over for a while
rt @hedgeyeinternet : yelp : shifting other revenue in local advertising ? really ? how many times is mgmt going to shuffle around segments to
nvidia reports q4 adj . eps 1.13 may not compare to 0.83 est. , sales 2.17b vs 2.11b est . nvda
rt @ericjhonsa : as twtr 's ad sales flatline , it 's hard to overlook the impact talent losses seem to be having on execution .
not good enough nvda
tech 's biggest loser in today 's earnings parade : yelp , which is down more than 8 % after a light forecast . yelp
dow , s & amp ; p 500 , nasdaq hit record highs ; why did nvidia get hit after hours ? nke nvda yelp uaa tsla payc twtr
the next iphone may set you back 1000 . why ? ! aapl
@redacre lol i remember people chasing gild in 90s . wayyyy too soon .
after today , 10,000 invested in twitter on its ipo day would be worth about ... 3,638 twtr
here 's how twtr performed under @dickc by comparison
nvda what sell off ?
tesla workers now may want a union because people are reportedly getting hurt on the job tsla
nvidia beats earnings estimates as the ai business expands , but tepid forecast sends shares down 2 % nvda
wireless charging and premium upgrades could mean some versions of the iphone 8 could cost 1000 :
uaw drive `` could disrupt tsla ''
bitcoin takes beating , while gold shines btc xbt gld china
rt @jamesliamcook : apple ceo tim cook : fake news 'is one of today s chief problems ' aapl by @jamesliamcook
twitter 's role in this political cycle was complicated twtr @realdonaldtrump
cavalcade of twtr downgrades by big houses . the last bit of goodwill is gone . hasta la vista dor sey .
message of market trump economic policies coming & amp ; no trade war key stocks us steel x tesla tsla walmart wmt rt
twitter gets trampled despite trump twtr
bad reviews for yelp shares , and investors tune out pandora - today 's stocks to watch : yelp p
did you survive the 100 minute dip in nvda ?
@kapelianis hey , looks like twtr has you flagged as a troll . i had to scroll way down to see this tweet .
is starbucks becoming a show-me story ? argus downgrades stock sbux
~ twtr implementing auto-blocking mechanisms for sjws = blocking disagreement & amp ; alternative viewpoints = contrary to info-sharing mission
twtr does n't understand that you ca n't cater to sjws . ~what sjws call `` harassment '' is just disagreement that they do n't want others to hear
twtr if confused ... . see fit gpro charts for assistance
this is what happens to your company when you listen to sjws and act contrary to your mission statement . this is
`` my feelings are hurt . please implement shadow blocking so i do n't see mean tweets and no one else does either '' - sjws to twtr management
the consensus view on nflx is n't bullish enough , according to rbc
nvda looks likea fader short 119 against hod
rt @ibd_elow : my latest feature : malls heighten retail theatrics to avoid amazon 's kiss of death aapl amzn m jw
rt @ophirgottlieb : remember , if you ever need a stock quote on twitter just tweet : @cmlviz quote ticker & lt ; -- choose your ticker twtr aa
uaw confirms workers at tesla have approached the union - tsla
rt @bespokeinvest : amazingly twitter twtr was actually up 15 % on the year heading into yesterday 's open . two-day move puts it down 3.6 % y
i am still in a portion of nflx and baba from earlier strategies this week . just less
do n't get inspired , tsla : they could n't do it without big renault-nissan
nvidia stock | nvda | shares breifly dip lower despite record earnings via @modestmoney
should have given those nvda put flys a longer leash , ugh
nvda 1 last push lower and its a cover
nvda popped to 120 & amp ; now down . the stock should 've blown the roof off with those numbers last night . it did n't . run is stalled .
if you 're long on twtr and getting bagged blame @d4ytrad3 he has n't stopped adding short since yesterday
@aussieflya no i did n't . same pattern . engagement was up . they just ca n't capitalize on anything . totally inept management . twtr
@bingdrinkkick @jack why . facebook does n't need them . google should buy them but no one will . best thing they have are it 's users . twtr
nearly 3 dozen wall st analysts now rate twitter a hold or sell twtr via @wsjmoneybeat
yelp gets no help from q4 report yelp
is twitter doomed or can it be saved ? i 'll discuss twtr on @tfeshow at 11:45 et . @wrko680
judiciary branch continues to stump trump admin as judge upholds fiduciary rule spy
tsla ceo @elonmusk claims employee pushing to unionize is a paid agitator , @uaw denies via @electrekco
facebook agrees to audit of its metrics following data controversy - wsj fb
nke is dead . ua gon na kill it . it 's old and it 's just ... wait , what 's that you say ? oh , nvm ... - see chart -- & gt ;
nvidia slips : great , but not a blow-out . will amd take share ? nvda via @barronstechblog
elon musk responds to tesla factory workers talking about unionizing tsla
rt @desantis : twtr market cap : 9.8b xbt market cap : 15.6b twitter is dead ! long live bitcoin !
tsla 's aspiring unionizer responds to @elonmusk 's attempt to 'trash ' him via @bloomberg
with no turnaround imminent , loop capital downgrades twitter twtr
not one soul talking about russell flag breakout.. one reason iwm now a dst pick .
an admitted apple bear just suddenly turned bullish aapl
`` you ca n't be stubborn when you 're an investor . then you may not make any money , & amp ; you may lost a lot '' aapl
rt @chipcorley : how markets have fared a week , month , 3 & amp ; 6 months after first inauguration . @factset spy dia
amazon : finally getting competition fdx amzn
why is n't this facebook story about inflated metrics a bigger deal ? we 're discussing here : cheddarlive fb
@alex still worth more than twtr .
rt @gilliantan : amex investors might want to hold the applause via @bfly axp
today s stocks losers : tcon , clf , yelp
twtr should just go non profit and private . pay the bills keep the lights on and screw wall st .
maryann keller : tsla numm iocation toxic for carmaking
cisco wo n't reimburse partners who send out engineers to proactively replace devices csco knows will fail .
tim arcuri : aapl supply chain sales fell 18 % m/m in january , 500bps below seasonal
downside pre-mkt : hain , uvxy , lnce , inov , s , ung , zts , tlys , viix , tmus , ag , trv , vixy powered by
plug , the market 's biggest pos now that aria is gone .
is @reformedbroker the most ridiculous sbux order of all time ? @halftimereport
i ca n't believe a legit pharma bought zeltiq and it 's `` a kinda-doctor will freeze your fat off ! '' biz . zltq agn
will today be another low-volume squeeze ? djia
nvda at fridays lows watching for a refade
rt @humblestudent : a blow-off top , or a wimpy top ? spx spy much depends on the new federalreserve governors
rt @wallstjesus : some early bulls & gt ; & gt ; yum aapl vale crm cien luv twtr qcom
rt @hedgiemark : hired the attorney . tsla mx lemon law . 150k + 300k in civil damages . 35 repair days . had the car for 7 months . slam dunk
when you were n't lookin ' they just sat sat sat on nvda
twitter has become wall street s bad joke twtr
nope . got all out of tsla last week . missed today 's move . happens
i 've got your 'dewie boot-on ' purse on backorder from china . baba
rt @echasan : in sustainability @bloombergbrief : fb googl face shareholder proposal on fakenews ; sovereign greenbonds ; esg
agn is spending a lot of time and effort to collect a very odd basket of assets .
bullish flow continues into bac ; sweepers gon na be long till they 're wrong on this one @wallstjesus
@riskreversal answers @pinerguard53 s question about csco
daniel loeb 's third point capital dumps allergan , adds big banks agn jpm bac gs
relatively light size as we head into the top of the hour qcom x ge twtr yum bac
amazon says may face penalties for running afoul of iran sanctions amzn
celg tries again ... ( lol ) - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
nflx and hubs are rude ( via @1mstockgame )
how fed governor tarullo stepping down changes the balance of hawks and doves on the fomc bbt ge spy
c playing some catch up
intel 's 'threat landscape dashboard ' tells you today 's worst digital threats intc
@alex @1mstockgame i 'm so close . dammit . stupid twtr is killing me i ca n't believe i own it in the game .
tesla unionizer returns fire after elon musk 'trashes ' him - bloomberg tsla labor
is it game over for media publishers ' 2-year run ? atvi ea ttwo
the metal that failed economics jjc spx copper
indystar : dad blames tsla auto for daughter 's death via @detroitnews
much less 'fire tim cook ' in my stream these days ... why i sold a few shares over the last week aapl
spx - [ nzdusd ] bullish scalping -
either the dozen or so tsla critics in my timeline are waaaaay wrong or wall st is going down with elon musk
should equity investors fear rising rates ? spx stocks
the 160bn failed merger btwn agn & amp ; pfe in 2016 was the largest m & amp ; a break-up ever . it pushed failed m & amp ; a to an 8-y
@zerofiltertruth i hate this company . jack is the worst ceo in america and he is killing the service . sell the stock . twtr
the mattel is selling toys on alibaba 's tmall rally was short lived . mat now down 1 % . baba down too . but mattel rival has up slightly .
rt @seeitmarket : smh sharply rejecting yesterday 's all time highs leader nvda has been lagging . momentum divergence has built up
the buy high/sell low conundrum : @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
that 's the pivot it failed at nflx . the visual .
aapl fire tim cook . free apple .
this is not a buy pattern . aapl
spx500 - spx - do n't fight the trump -
. @jason_kint we struggle with : can longer form video on fb monetize as well as legacy news feed ? -- consumers do n't like interruptions
. @adamlashinsky says apple is rarely first in terms of smartphone form factor , waiting for competitors to innovate .
in the era of 'fake news , ' fake filings can impact stocks cmg mcd avp bac fit
rt @jcmccracken : gs gives 100 bankers or so a `` goose egg '' for their bonus . ouch .
gs gives 100 bankers or so a `` goose egg '' for their bonus . ouch .
@realdonaldtrump why use gs as your employment agency ? inquiring minds wan na know !
apple 's cfo explained why its research and development costs increased to 2.8 billion aapl
bank of america misses a big options payday , goldman cashes in ... gs bac
permabears hit rock bottom as stocks notch new record highs . s & amp ; p 500 ( 2337 ) spy nasdaq ( 5782 ) qqq russell ( 1396 )
spy lol
rt @cnnmoney : the long drama between yahoo and verizon may finally be coming to an end . yhoo vz
so who do you think is driving this autonomous waymo vehicle on the alphabet campus ? googl
deutsche bank casts doubt on pfizer 's rumored takeover approach to bristol-myers bmy pfe gild rhhby nvs mrk
harit talwar on building @marcus , a start-up within gs :
another exclusive from sf 1market : twitter coo @anthonynoto will be on @squawkalley tomorrow with @jimcramer .
what happens when others are greedy ? new post . spx
hi-5 to @chamath for coming on @cnbc today ; great chat about @realdonaldtrump aapl and @snapchat
spx qqq too far , too fast , imho .
csco misses the estimize eps consensus by 1c and the estimize revenue consensus by 36.91m -
curb your enthusiasm into cisco earnings csco via @investopedia
spy ath rsi overbought , support lower 233.7/232.2/229.4/228.25
good morning . mixed markets around the world . europe down small dax-.2 % cac-.21 % in asia , the nikkei-.47 % , shanghai+.51 % hk+.47 % spx futs-1
rt @ophirgottlieb : spx qqq too far , too fast , imho .
think caterpillar inc. 's stock will soar after its fantastic run in 2016 ? read this cat
( `` skeevy '' is a complement . driving user data snap ca n't monetize ( see : twtr ) is the bigger issue . engagement seems spotty )
big u.s. banks to push for easing of money laundering rules gs jpm bac
@assumeacanopenr the socratic method does n't work on twtr . i 'd suggest a `` yes , and '' improv approach . teamwork , not arguments
watch these 7 huge put purchases in thursday trade amat axp car rcii oclr lpl ctsh
spx levels and thoughts as overbought signals flash a bit more
a peek into the markets : stock futures down ahead of jobless claims , housing starts data adi avp csco trip wen
only trade with what you can afford to lose . spx ndx
my interest in iwm now is closer to 136.50 than 140 .
there were some that were very doubtful of dip buyin the jnug and gdx names . so far the wiseguys are sittin decen
spy - friday expiration . 230 had the most calls , but now that price is so much over , really not much resistance th
cowen 's john blackledge out on amzn based on new 10-k disclosures and proprietary data , estimating average of ~80mm prime subs in 2016
ken cacciatore publishes part vi in his series on agn 's pipeline , including perspective on vraylar for negative symptoms of schizophrenia
morning movers : valeant jumps , kate spade soars , mgm drops vrx kate df khc mgm abx
my latest post for @forbes : `` what if retail traffic declines last forever ? '' retail shoptalk amzn m
aapl obv nowhere near as good as khc obv = are funds buying or selling . its that simple .
rt @jasonmilano8 : @jimcramer on cnbc asking twtr coo `` what is wrong with twtr '' & amp ; `` why do n't you crater ? '' . priceless
what does puzder stepping down mean for the fate of labor dept . 's overtime rule ? spy puzderwithdraws
market 's winning streak in jeopardy ; netease surges to record levels : csco aapl wb zion schw momo nvda veev
why wix could be a major threat to amazon amzn etsy wix
have n't deleted your yahoo account yet ? reminder : hackers forged login cookies yhoo
why the buy and hold investing meme is flawed : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
tsla down 9 after this : ubs analyst ca n't understand why tesla shares are up so much in '16 , sell the stock
today 's chart : ubs says now is the time to 'sell ' tesla @seanansmith tsla
`` if everyone was jumping off a bridge , would you do that too ? '' ( explaining my stock purchases in the future ) spx ndx
do you believe tsla lasy year 's acquisition of solarcity is an unneeded distraction ?
gs how to bet get _aggressively_ on deregulation but manage risk
celg the bizarre skew building in celgene what is skew ? -- & gt ;
u.s. stock market : `` meh , we just going to wait for our tax cuts '' spx
fcx cooling down after a strong run . put sweepers at the ready scopping up protection :
rt @foxbusinessam : verizon yahoo revising their purchase agreement downward , reports say vz yhoo @simonettilauren
tesla shares fall after ubs reiterates sell rating , and more . watch live : cheddarlive golive tsla
it 's just a coincidence that arista is reporting earnings a day after cisco detailed big decline in networking sales , right ? csco anet
the most-hated bear in solar is n't backing down via @markets tsla
sorry , i see nothing newsworthy in this zuckerberg `` mission statement '' for facebook . fb
why the 1 % is still cautious about this market spy
is cisco running out of levers to pull to boost revenues ? csco
nflx should fear amzn 's muscle
i have no idea what this means different for fb ?
spy has yesterday 's low at 233.85 . we 'll see how the market treats this pivot today . if it gets below & amp ; stays below 233.10 is next .
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures fall ahead of campbell earnings spy uso anet bbw cpb de sjm nus
celg trying ( long + small option bet of a melt up ) - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
rt @timothysykes : the market is closed now so it 's study time , read this learn from the past fb twtr & amp ; have a gre
as i said was too far above the 230 s. wasn t going to happen . spy spx
citigroup board cuts 2016 pay for ceo michael corbat , while bofa gives its boss a raise . bac c
@brianfires well you are stupid enough to be long vrx - but if you are not short hlf just let me know .
rt @cecileva : gold is misbehaving : @edvanderwalt gld
.. @howardlindzon amzn , goog , msft , baba all standalone security companies dead within decade ; platforms win .
made in china : the coming iphone apocalypse - video @apple aapl
baristas are joining this campaign asking @starbucks for more paid parental leave tobeapartner sbux
fast food in 2016 : who came out on top and who 's best positioned for the future ? mcd wen qsr
here 's how to trade stocks like a sniper ! aim small , miss small fb twtr
apple says eu made fundamental errors in irish tax ruling aapl
rt @timothysykes : here 's how to trade stocks like a sniper ! aim small , miss small fb twtr
@megtirrell it was gild per the 8k
does the s & amp ; p really need higher oil ? stocks spx
fb has been quiet- perhaps tier one long vs. 132.50 and add with a high volume close above 134ish-
leerink 's joseph schwartz none too impressed with srpt 's prv deal with gild
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet yhoo aapl
there s a few big questions about the model 3 that tesla needs to answer tomorrow tsla
lol @twtr 's mission statement : ~ '' info sharing w/out boundaries '' ( but qualified w/sjw : '' but you do n't have a platform for spreading hate '' )
google agrees to let a third party audit its ad metrics - googl
40 % of us companies ( 1,700 ) are still currently loss making ( i.e . have negative net income ) - andrew lapthorne , soc
wb has run sina has lagged , now sina out of jail ?
@gnarlydragoons dude . i 'm 46. you do n't need to age me . i 'm very kid like . ask anyone . in fact . solid game of battlefield1 last night . ea
iphone 8 : sales likely to grow , but not the 'super cycle ' some expect aapl
rt @jbooton : quit calling the iphone 8 a 'super cycle , ' warns deutsche bank . fear aapl will suffer if expectations are too high :
quit calling the iphone 8 a 'super cycle , ' warns deutsche bank . fear aapl will suffer if expectations are too high :
rt @rorol : csx ceo 's departure by may and expected layoffs -- indication that a deal with activist manager paul hilal is close .
boeing , pfizer and others band together to ask congress for more taxes mrk ba cat pfe utx dow ge
the precipitous fall of the blackberry in one graph bbry
freeport-mcmoran sinking today . piper jaffray 's craig johnson & amp ; chad morganlander of washington crossing advisors dis
uh oh . flaming hot rally in bank stocks getting the downgrade slap from analysts via
focus this morning was tsla mbly dgaz shorts out of gate cash across board now
cramer 's stop trading luv
stocks start lower as every stupid trump policy hurts confidence in our future . bonds up & amp ; gold . tesla and nvidia holding up . tsla nvda
does twitter have a video problem ? twtr
fb . yes i came in long and added at 134.10 like my commentary from the morning . now trim and hold
@biotechtoreador oncs was spun out of ino years ago .
@kimblecharting avoid . looks too much like vrx
markets struggle to find positive ground ; fed minutes may move them spy uso vxx tlt dia
fb if you 're bullish and trade options , know this
rt @canuck2usa : fb few weeks ago the top was in after er ... ..
why md anderson shelved its ibm watson project : by @matthewherper
we ve been hearing vr is the next big thing for awhile . wonder when the bigness will arrive ? msft fb htccy sne
rt @seeitmarket : chart spotlight : bear market indicator back to neutral for now - blog by @callum_thomas spy
it feels like 2007 all over again : @johnzechner tells @bnn spy tsx
warren buffett may simply take over this airline entirely luv dal ual nsc unp aal
why tesla 's earnings report does n't matter tsla bidu f gm
rt @probesreporter : last week we warned solarcity has a confirmed , undisclosed sec probe too . think anyone will ask about it ? tsla
last week we warned solarcity has a confirmed , undisclosed sec probe too . think anyone will ask about it ? tsla
rt @pattonles : mcdonald 's is cutting soda and coffee prices to combat the industry 's slump mcd
let 's see if they start the pile back on again post minutes bac
terrible audio ... but at least it 's on the web if you wan na hear @bankofamerica 's moynihan once more on hb2 bac
rt @cgrantwsj : tsla factset consensus : sales : 2.16b adj . eps : 53 cent loss . everything else ?
tsla factset consensus : sales : 2.16b adj . eps : 53 cent loss . everything else ?
with smartphones , smartwatches , and now hearables , `` everything '' is a real threat to fitbit , @marketwatch 's @jbooton
so this actually happened . aapl
breaking : fitbit , inc fit q4 revenue , 573.78m vs. 576.04m expected
breaking : fitbit , inc fit q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , ( 0.56 ) vs. ( 0.5 ) expected
now on @bloombergradio cfra analyst : `` there 's a cash flow situation with tesla that makes you wonder why the stoc
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : tesla q4 loss ( 0.69 ) ; q4 revs . 2.28b vs. 2.18b est . tsla
fit misses the estimize eps consensus by 13c and the estimize revenue consensus by 10.05m -
fit reports fq4 earnings of -56c eps and 573.78m revs -
so i read this as tesla lost 20.8m in customer deposits in fourth quarter . anyone want to agree/disagree ?
tsla wo n't give full yr deliveries guidance ( due to production adjustments ) but expects to sell 47,000 - 50,000 vehicles in first half .
tsla misses the estimize eps consensus by 63c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 50.56m -
still no update from tesla on model3 reservations . total customer deposits for tsla : almost 664m .
exxon lowers proved reserve estimate , only replaced 65 % of the oil and gas it pumped last year : via @wsj xom
rt @biuk_tech : apple spoke out against trump 's withdrawal of obama-era transgender protections aapl
tsla green to red test - please stop fading we need you higher for better entry later on .
nvidia falls following nomura downgrade , analyst concerned about slowdown in gaming nvda
.. @paulvigna next time you title a piece emphasizing bitcoin 's volatility plz give calcs/charts on vol 4 perspective .
high flying nvidia cut to sell at nomura - sees 19 % downside nvda notablecall
icymi : google plans to discontinue yet another product goog
rt @retheauditors : apple condemns trump 's transgender decision will treasury retaliate , pull support for aapl in i
this is the mosh pit that makes me want to sell some more sbux for the trust !
@weaverwealthnc the dude held vrx from 250 to 20 .
why @timseymour is n't convinced by tesla 's stock performance : tsla
interestingly , agn has been vocal about drug prices but the bulk of its future growth is plastic surgery , cosmetics
tesla cfo departure and more big spending plans outweigh solid electric car sales . tsla down 5 % this morning ,
think a negative tweet from trump crushes a stock ? think again ... gm lmt ba twx amzn aapl
stocks open higher . have tesla and nvidia down 4 % at the open . like to see that . we like these companies . dca . nvda tsla
shares of tsla fell more than 2.3 % after the auto company reported a wider than expected loss .
rt @lilyjamali : . @allisonmcneely on gs 's surprise for maple bondholders ; @katiadmi on china 's rumored plans to attract foreign cash
elon musk conceded that a new stamping press needed to produce model 3 parts has n't been delivered yet : tsla
if oil goes to 70 , that 's a very bad thing net-net . fed will be forced to hike more quickly , and tax reform will be cancelled out xom bp
sina intaday bear flag
rbc not adding macy 's to its shopping cart despite m & amp ; a rumors amzn m
weibo 's post-earnings sell-off hits many chinese internets . baidu q4 tonight wb sina
rt @rudyhavenstein : with all the wfc outrage , why has n't the financial media gone after c or jpm in the same way ? @cnbc @business
nvda q4 report on 2/9 first time in 4 qters co did n't raise guide big vs. street . variant perception on pascal upgrade cycle upside is gone
spx failed to hold 2366 and went red . now see if it holds 2354-2358 area . it 's an important upper spot to measure .
covered the rest of my spy hedge here . i 'll revisit it . i do n't need a hedge as i got stopped out of many longs today
qqq below a prior low of 130.11 . let 's see if it stays below for a small change .
sina not even 1 bounce yet..just 9ema ride down
who remembers this one ? set the way back machine for dec 28 , 2016 : why nvidia s booming stock may fall 20 % nvda
tsla faces life after subsidies in hong kong , 'beacon city ' for electric cars via @wsj
citi prepares for regulatory rollback c
three weeks ago @jeffmacke and the @estimize roundtable ditched nvda not surprising what happened next
lost in the model 3 outlook was news that tesla 's cfo jason wheeler will leave the company in april : tsla
nvidia : know the difference between 'highly valued ' and 'overvalued ' intc nvda swks
tsla shares slip as cash-burn raises concerns via @reuters
as nvidia catches a pair of downgrades , attention turns to advanced micro devices amd intc nvda
to @vfhive 's @nickbilton , there 's `` no question '' facebook is a media company , given its influence on news consumptio
rt @ldrogen : three weeks ago @jeffmacke and the @estimize roundtable ditched nvda not surprising what happened next
. @jimcramer says tesla needs to raise capital : tsla
no , gary cohn did not pay 200 million in taxes to work for trump @ewolffmann @yahoofinance gs
gadfly 's shira ovide warns snap investors : buying the ipo is 'an act of lunacy ' fb twtr
the @jack dorsey portfolio delivered mixed results this quarter sq twtr
bank etfs could disappoint kbwb xlf
as stocks soar , short sellers retreat from etfs spy xop xrt
i did try & amp ; buy tsla into the support zone ( 258- 262 ) as i came in flat today . it did n't work well . now i wait ag
the 2014 naaim wagner award winning paper `` an intermarket approach to tactical risk rotation '' spx stocks
double downgrade sinks nvidia 's stock nvda
i think right now is my lowest equity exposure since the day after the election . when spx 2146 was reclaimed . fyi
the s & amp ; p 500 tech sector ended down today for its first negative session after a 15-day winning streak ; it 's still the best sector ytd . spx
saudi aramco might not be worth anywhere near 2 trillion xom uso
rt @benzinga : welcome to trumpville : the market in 1929 and now spy @markyusko
us stocks waver as investors back away from industrials mro x hpq
thursday thoughts - tesla 's emperor musk has no clothes ! tsla jo oil ung abx slw dba xle khc f udn
could your fitbit data raise the cost of your health insurance ? fit
exclusive : apple kills ties with supplier of data center servers after security concern . a strange tale . smci aapl
qqq think the market will be stuck in the mud ? how to use options in nasdaq-100 to find and execute on edge --
wowzerz goog is taking uber to court goog has way , way , way more money and bandwidth for distraction
96 % of msft us 113.24 billion cash reserves are held abroad+it cd be depressing its share price new research :
rt @joedeaux : trump love ca n't save caterpillar or u.s. steel from slump my story cat x
there is nothing in place that would get tsla anywhere close by 2018 . 250k possible with blood , sweat & amp ; tears . 500k ?
snb has more shares of facebook than zuckerberg . now when facebook shares hit all-time high , the profit taking fb
rt @retheauditors : other than a heckler from c who did n't like me calling his employer the most corrupt org on the street , my columbia u s
although tesla and nvidia look really juicy in here . tsla nvda down again today . think long term . autonomousvehicles smart car
`` fair competition spurs new technical innovation , but what has happened here is not fair competition . '' -- waymo sta
nvda looks like player wanted to take it for a day trade
rt @ulmanfinancial : welcometohooverville : the market in 1929 and now spx spy via @benzinga @markyusko
should have known , like all 600 of this troll 's tweet are about nvda .
final trading day of the week ! will the dow snap its win streak ? djia
volvo , saab were given up for dead with production levels tsla wants to reach .
djia extending streak without a 1 % move to 53 sessions today - would be longest such streak in 10 years
cml pro members we just sent : nvda `` what to do about nvidia , now ? '' get pro :
dow21k today ? not looking likely . @korihale gives us the latest news from the floor of the @nyse . cheddarlive
the biosimilar party is getting way too crowded and allergan knows it : @maxnisen via @bfly
fridayfun what oscars film are you streaming on goog nflx aapl or amzn this weekend ? full list via @usatoday
search warrant linked to amzn echo recording in arkansas killing could affect sales
bofa : 'be mindful of a possible reversal in gold ' gld iau gdx via @crystalkimmm
tsla there are ( could be ) legs to this tesla employee story -- not going away and when the stock drops , it _really_ wo n't go away .
rt @barchart : us stocks dip as banks and energy companies fall bac wfc
gs if there is deregulation , golide could _rip_ . here 's the aggressive option play ( risk on )
nvda is it time to buy or sell nvidia ? my take via @cnnmoney
rt @canuck2usa : tsla so far we have a=c abc pullback from highs
spy qqq russell was excluded from the meeting about this iwm now protesting
najarian brothers see unusual options activity in spdr gold trust ( etf ) and nu skin enterprises gld nus
wow , outgoing cfo jason wheeler told tsla he plans to resign on tuesday , before a wednesday announcement .
cot : euro weakness not dollar strength sets direction saxostrats by ole hansen oil gld slv
tsla with earnings are over , if you 're semi-bullish , this is available through options
@brianfires @wsj @foxbusiness @businessinsider really ? you think vrx is the victim of a @sirf_report short seller conspiracy .
cot : short-covering in bonds and stocks saxostrats by ole hansen oil gld slv
rt @marathonwealth : see : copper : gold jjc gld mt @convertbond gundlach : `` us 10 year headed below 2.25 % . there 's a stealth flight to saf
rt @squawkcnbc : buffett says they bought more apple since 2017 began , but not since the earnings report came out aapl askwarren
goldman sachs now thinks tesla could crash 28 % -- here are the charts all bears will love tsla
rt @lebeaucarnews : goldman drops tsla to a sell rating w/ 185 price target saying it expects a capital raise before 4q17 to weigh on tsla
goldman drops tsla to a sell rating w/ 185 price target saying it expects a capital raise before 4q17 to weigh on tsla s shares .
goldman cuts tesla to sell with a word to bulls out there tsla notablecalls
what happens when financials lag ? stocks spx
goldman cuts tsla to sell on execution risk , near-term cash needs
not to mention buffett is a disaster for health and the environment . he owns psx ( dapl ) , ko , airlines burning oil . and wfc bac
the musk of musk 's soiled jeans is wafting in the market air . tsla
what to expect from the stock market this week spy iwm and more
tesla -6 % this morning on goldman 's downgrade tsla
morningmovers : tesla tanks , urban outfitters flops , kate spade jumps bid urbn uaa tsla
gs downgrades tesla . mkt cap down 4.7bn since last week 's results : via @bfly tsla
tesla back below avg . sell-side target . see my column from last month on how these two interact : via @bfly tsla
rt @chicagosean : entered a protected strangle in nugt : shorted 9put/12call strangle and protected upside with a 13call . 1.08 credit . no u
htz reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.01 eps and -2.24m revs compared to ws
what to do about nvidia corporation ( nasdaq : nvda ) - nvda
jcp heavy call vol , tsla downgrade , tgt & amp ; pcln earnings @angiemiles w fred banyon pm , and market correction
worth a read . goldman thinks model3 launch will be a mess , scty a big fcf drag , big cap raise needed by q417 . tsla
why @warrenbuffett does n't tweet or email : 'you can always tell someone to go to hell tomorrow ' twtr brk
is carl icahn losing his midas touch ? not quite iep aig bmy fcx lng htz hlf xrx nav
sell is a 4-letter dirty word on wall street . but goldman sachs just slapped that rating on tesla . here 's why . tsla
the big shocker in wall st/silicon valley today : tesla gets downgraded to 'sell ' by goldman sachs
teslas still overheat on road courses . this is the problem porsche promises to solve with its ev . tsla
julia , a dishwasher of 15 years , says she was unfairly terminated from her job at @wholefoods wfm reinstatejulia
tsla deepens recent losses after goldman recommends selling via @reuters
ddd reports before the open tomorrow , estimize consensus +0.03 eps and +2.06m revs compared to ws
seven past runs of 'star trek ' series , 'some of them were great , some of them were terrible , ' says cbs ceo moonves . all do well on nflx
with paypal now at new 2017 highs , a series of lows between 38.00 and 39.00 could mark a major bottom : pypl
tesla plunges another 5 percent on fears of model 3 delays tsla
the timing of netflix 's partnership with spark is `` absolutely '' tied to a failed vodafone deal : nflx vod
at least gdx gave some clues it was vulnerable . look how it closed near lows friday 's as gld closed at weekly highs .
a fun fact : spx touched a 52-week low at 1,932.23 on feb 29 , 2016. it 's up 22 % since then .
today s stocks losers : ua , sstk tsla
new exxon mobil ceo echoes rex tillerson 's skepticism on climate science xom
it 's rare for the spx & amp ; the usd to fall together , but it usually only means a short-term fall . read @retmilldaily
htz misses the estimize eps consensus by 17c and the estimize revenue consensus by 15.31m -
should investors follow warren buffett 's lead with aapl ? gk advisor @ben_dunbargk does n't think so ... find out why
tsla trading range always struck me as pretty tight in recent years
is this another 1987 ? we should be so lucky . new post . djia
i have been to a dozen stores and have never found that to be the case but it is unfortunate . which store ? aapl
vrx misses the estimize eps consensus by 6c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 26.59m -
amrn reports fq4 earnings of -4c eps and 38.70m revs -
gold miners gdx -11 % in 3 weeks as gold holds 1,250 ( + 100 ytd ) -- & gt ; price seen as unsustainable
as per usual - why ca n't valeant - which has so much debt it is a financial institution - publish a balance sheet ? vrx
spx futures -1 as we try and figure out `` what 's next '' ahead of president trumps- address to congress-
rt @lamonicabuzz : tar-jay no longer in style . target tanks on weak earnings and poor outlook . can you say amazon ? tgt amzn
`` the realities of our capital structure force us to invest less in r & amp ; d '' vrx cool , so find some `` hidden gems '' in a box somewhere a push 'em
morgan stanley is setting aside 70m to cover costs associated with giving clients the incorrect tax info : ms
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` s & amp ; p 500 technical update : near-term upside limited '' by @marknewtoncmt spy xle xbi
the crb index and inflation , or lack of it crb spy tlt
pcln `` trade idea 2 : buy the march 3 expiry 1600/1550/1515 broken wing put butterfly for 10.50 . '' bust .
`` we 're drowning in a lot of these numbers , but i think it 's a very simple answer we 're looking for , '' analyst tells vrx re debt , cash flow
great call on tgt by @hedgeyeretail -- stock is down -17 % since august as spy rises +8 % target
rt @megtirrell : `` 2 papas , '' @jimcramer says : `` papa john 's pzza , losing the war against dpx , and joe papa . not a good day for papas . '' vrx
`` 2 papas , '' @jimcramer says : `` papa john 's pzza , losing the war against dpx , and joe papa . not a good day for papas . '' vrx prgo
nvda looks liek rollover now . dead cat bounce last few days
on its strategy to lower prices , @ptpetrides says target should 've addressed the amazon effect many years ago .
hard to believe crm is n't in the nasdaq-100 . what a joke , bigger than 72 ( & lt ; -- corrected ) components .
another shareholder , charles sherling , now commenting on proposal . agrees `` frustration that diversity in sv is few and far between '' aapl
it was proposed by the national center for public policy . rep says some orgs who get @apple donations may use funds in unwanted ways aapl
the stealth rotation : a look at the underlying `` risk off '' trade that has been hidden :
one apple shareholder saying he sold his stock last month , worried about revenue growth , says buybacks are waste of money . aapl
proposal 9 ( 5th by shareholders ) wants top execs to retain 75 % of their @apple aapl stock until they reach retirement age
rt @sharatibken : next shareholder proposal wants @apple to reexamine executive compensation . aapl apple @tim_cook
next shareholder proposal wants @apple to reexamine executive compensation . aapl apple @tim_cook
he supports this @apple proposal . aapl . now discussion on that proposal is closed .
another comment from corey webb , a shareholder from florida . says experienced lack of diversity in @apple exec level in retail aapl
rt @sharatibken : ultimately says he 's against putting language into @apple policies requiring more diversity aapl apple
subway chicken contains less than 55 % chicken dna mcd wen qsr
amazon s3 service outage is giving a lot of folks some insight into just how many web based companies use aws for their cloud stuff amzn
amazon web services was experiencing `` high error rates '' with its data storage , affecting numerous websites : amzn
funds dumping salesforce ahead of earnings crm via @investopedia
salesforce is sliding despite its earnings beat crm
salesforce 's outlook sends shares lower crm
salesforce falling in after-hours after some guidance falls short . crm
kinda rough earnings response for crm to boot !
@brianfires @theiphawk @pavelsenor @13 yeah - but you have still lost meaningful money in vrx . and you ca n't support your sick girlfriend .
@zacangeline6 apple tv is not the best . apple music is not the best . beats is not the best , airpods barely work ... aapl
apple tv you 're dead in the water . what we 've been saying . youtube tv is a winner . espn and abc , broadcast and kids stuff 35 . goog aapl
@brianfires @theiphawk @pavelsenor @13 says someone long vrx forever and who can no longer support his sick girlfriend . i am just insane !
. @abiolahp who the f knows . i traded y2k and 9/11 ; last move always most violent . spx ndx
rt @donutshorts : `` i hope we have not provided too much information '' says the cfo who does n't publish a balance sheet @shitmgmtsays vrx
how will facebook shares react to snapchat 's ipo ? trade fb share cfds with 0 commissions ! capital at risk
1/ s & amp ; p futures spy up 17 points , highs of morning . traders did n't get more specifics on tax reform , infrastructure from trump speech ...
thoughtful intel downgrade by bernstein . the note is worth reading intc nvda amd
wall street will hear from new exxonmobil ceo darren woods shortly . xom
intel : sell , says bernstein , server is cracking ; fab advantage ai n't what it was intc via
amazon : not a great time to fumble the cloud , says global equities amzn orcl hpe
you you hate me if i told you i bought iwm at 138.25 yesterday afternoon ?
when sharpies do n't even take a breath . spy iwm
this spy is scary as shit lol
i have a hard time seeing trip as standalone in the next 3 years . it would give pcln a community dynamic that wou
nvda following the bearish path i expected so far .
this wall street firm says intel could get crushed by competition in 2018 - intc nvda
whoa . mcdonald 's just got halted : mcd
so mcd halted ... my theory is they 're bringing back the mcdlt with jason alexander as spokesman
mcd halted for news
just in : mcdonald 's shares halted for news pending . mcd
world 's largest wealth fund is worried about china and the us fxi spy
aapl but.. if you want to get aggressively long apple with options , take 3 minutes to read this
rt @stocktwits : whoa . mcdonald 's just got halted : mcd
news at mcd ? stock halted
so what is it , mcd ? oy .
costco is due to increase membership fees , potentially as early as thursday 's earnings report . what to expect :
so carl icahn sells nflx and aapl positions before their stocks go way up , right ?
and i 'd add cleanliness of restaurants . ( my biggest dissuader . ) mcd
goodbye to mcpick menu ? `` too many value combinations '' that `` diluted impact . '' mcd
there seems to be some major delivery news coming today from mcd . trading halted .
is mcd really just halted because of investor presentation or is there more news coming ?
would be awesome though - come on mcd , step it up . or at least invest a percentage in it . shak
palo alto delivers another 'messy ' quarter panw chkp csco ftnt
rt @peterfrost : sounds like more job cuts coming to mcd . in addition to cutting 500mm of g/a by end of 2018 , expect to cut 5-10 % more .
rt @ernestscheyder : of 25 wall street analysts tracking @exxonmobil , only 5 say buy stock . most analysts say buy @chevron
7 tweets that ruined careers twtr
wow intc you ca n't find buyers today ?
no matter how the numbers line up , snapchat is n't exactly facebook : fb
`` retail partners are just as important as corporate partners . '' baristas on paid parental leave tobeapartner sbux
sarepta stock seesaws on 2017 duchenne muscular dystrophy guide : srpt antm hum unh gild
in recently-released 10k , mcdonald 's adds `` trade measures '' to `` actions taken by government '' that could adversely affect its business mcd
rt @thestreet : no matter how the numbers line up , snapchat is n't exactly facebook : fb
gracias amigo ! spx 2800 bubble here we come ... thing about bubbles is they always have a crash ...
when i wrote this was 25 % sure spx was headed for bubble , now 75 % sure ... for every action , equal & amp ; opposite react
we ca n't jump or do parkour so ... yeah . this is scary . goog
vrx is this going ot be like a 1 ... 2 ... or 3 year process before 0 ? it 's already been a few .. how much more confirmation is needed lol
my price target on vrx has been 0 for a while . published when stock was 90 .
breaking : valeant discloses sec is conducting probe into possible securities law violations by salix ; vrx down as much as 6.1 %
nope . long em , commodities , euro financials , private energy , private equity ( all beating spx ) and increasing cash
spy has gap support at 238.37 . digesting above this would be constructive for higher prices . pivot resistance is 240.32
spx futures -3 after another big move to ath 's . maybe an inside day today above support at 2380. pivot resistance is 2400
rt @philipvandoorn : here 's what apple and a chicken processor have in common for this fund manager aapl safmf htt
solarcity quietly cut 3,000 jobs ahead of tesla sale - tsla look for thousands more as musk changes sales approach
i thought msft was a `` day 1 '' to get momentum back . did n't hold a third or half to keep commitment . so i sold for a loss
nflx now below 8/21 day and took out yesterday 's low of 142.10 . 140 is a big level now - below that . take care
after huge rally , market looks mixed as catalysts appear to be lacking spy uso vxx f gm
it just keeps getting worse for cat ... . caterpillar illinois facilities searched by law enforcement via @newsmax
where 's that guy who screamed at me about how great nvda is ? oh i remember , i blocked him .
mcdonald 's ceo : traffic is n't soft , it 's down mcd pnra
- tsla ca n't deliver anything on time
by the time the fbi entered crazy eddie 's premises all the documents were gone per our `` scorched earth '' policy . cat
i just searched cat facilities and found nothing
rt @canuck2usa : nvda inside and down daily bear flag today
@mikhail507 @jack hey do n't forget mayer at yahoo . she could be the worse . then jack . i 'm waiting to give snap a chance . twtr yhoo
more : federal law enforcement agencies began serving search warrants earlier today against @caterpillarinc cat says @wsj
blackberry 's head of strategy and acquisitions , jim mackey , tells me he left the canadian company in mid-february . bbry bb
more : irs , fdic and u-s attorney for central illinois reportedly part of investigation of @caterpillarinc cat
nvda could n't stay away - more lods
rt @thestreet : `` mcdonald 's is definitely late to the game ( but ) this may not drive growth '' mcd
if cat has a smart pr dept , they 're issue a statement before the close . ill be out by 4pm one way or the other .
so many ways to spin this . spx ndx bear plunges to death from helicopter via @nypost
rt @cnbcnow : new : feds seeking tax docs in search at cat facilities ; tax employees asked to leave building - nbc affiliate week
shares in caterpillar cat down 4.2 % & amp ; the main drag on the dow on reports of a law-enforcement investigation markets
stocks in retreat from yesterday 's record highs : djia -0.4 % , with a 4 % drop in cat a major drag on the index .
spx market sinks as everyone sells to buy snap
yahoo punishes ceo in latest fallout from security breakdown yhoo
cost on deck . frozen in the same amber tomb as the rest of retail until there s a pointless trade war decision
cat confirms raid involves csarl matter involving taxes
cost put seller in advance of earnings . `` you go in for milk and paper towels and you come out with a tv ''
rt @markbspiegel : basically , he bailed out his personal investment in scty using tsla stock , and now will quietly shut most of it down to
rt @seanansmith : cost falling on earnings miss & amp ; disappointing same-store sales @yahoofinance
breaking : costco cost q2 earnings per share ( eps ) , 1.17 vs. 1.36 expected
today s stocks losers : juno , shak , cat
iwm has been choppy and lagged recently . yesterday pivot low is 138.64 to use as today 's pivot .
spy sitting on wednesday 's gap as other sectors filled or started to fill theirs . 238.21 is today 's pivot . gap goes down to about 237
years of federal scrutiny lead to caterpillar cat hq raid
so that 's why cat still trading under 94 this morning .
wcu : gold and silver hurt by march rate-hike prospects oil wobbles by ole hansen oil gld slv
twitter must be crying , just that old stock people used to talk about . bye bye . twtr . snap has got everyone 's attention now . snap
why nomura initiated snap at reduce with a 16 price target fb snap
most indices below yesterday 's lows . getting day 2 down . spy pivot was 238.21 for continuation . gap is open down to 236.95
vrx row row row your boat
us stock indexes edge lower in afternoon trading ; oil rises cost luv
rt @cgasparino : even bankers say tech stock ipo valuations are too high and preventing cos like cos twtr from being sold later more now @f
squawk : commitments of traders tables covering the positions help by managed ... by ole hansen oil gld slv
the stephen king of sec filings . by tsla
now with complete tsla china 2016 dataset , courtesy @jato_dynamics mystery continues
being good at suffering stocks spx
indices have started the week on the back foot , with some small moves lower . ftse dax spx
rt @kantar : across asia pacific , consumers are looking beyond facebook and testing newer , more visual social media
so far being tactical from last week is helpful . spy spending some time below 237.73 . see if it stays below
been reviewing all short calls ( front of calendar , covered calls ) to buy back or roll down today . have only adjusted googl ... ...
11 quotes to teach you how to invest like ben graham , the man who taught warren buffett spy
a decade of smartphone growth fizzles . what 's next ? aapl goog vz
short sellers : what 's it mean for a stock to be 'hard to borrow ' ? snap spy
rt @shonaghosh : amazon handed over alexa recordings to the police in a murder case amzn by @shonaghosh
rt @lamonicabuzz : snap is set to fall again . fb had a tough go too at first . but is snap more like twtr ? i 'll discuss w/ @maggielake on
spx futures down 2-3 handles as tape drifts and gets lethargic- levels & amp ; thoughts
12 dividend aristocrats for every month of the year , via kiplinger xom cvx t
testy tuesday - 11,550 or bust on the nyse aapl nya dia spx ndx ba hd ibm
that little lower shadow closes the gap from sotu for spy
dks trade should look familiar to sig prgo lb vrx and all the others - same idea
radioshack to kodak ; these companies fell from grace the hardest aapl amzn bbry
@quagmires i do n't love today 's move in tsla with the rejection at the 8day . so i am flat it
@frankmazza3 haha . if snap buys twtr it would definitely be the worst company mistake in tech history . aol -time warner . snap is fine .
buffalo wild wings -- the wings cost too much bruh bwld 
weakness persists across indices , although we have only seen modest losses over the past week . ftse dax spx
wed starts more risk-on for stocks than mon/tue . nikkei , shanghai lagged but ftse , dax , us futures hold above flat line . spx dj
spy pivot low from yesterday is 236.76 . use that today to see if we find support around it . or get and stay below . 235ish next big spot
@ladyfohf @ivanthek you guys are right , iphone tweets do bridge the gap between genders and political party . seems bullish ... aapl
. @toyotamotorcorp exec , off-the-record : `` if you think we ever discuss tsla at the office , you are off-the-rocker . ''
juniper 's gary clark joins tsla as chief information officer via @reuters
not if there is a belief that the `` cooperation '' was n't honest . that 's justice.. cat
facebook to face mps over failure to remove problem images | technology | the guardian fb
cat call 1230pm @hedgeyeindstrls
has walmart finally created the endless shopping aisle ? if so , amazon should be worrie wmt amzn
every company exposed to the cia cyberhacking scandal aapl fb goog
the earnings recession has ended , but that does n't mean earnings are good enough to support more gains spx
`` investors should be increasingly concerned about the investment risks associated with cat shares '' @hedgeyeindstrls
the twittersphere responds to the vault7 cia cyber hacking revelations aapl xlk
three years ago , analysts called for tsla 2017 eps of 8.87 . avg pt 216 . now ? 1.73 a share loss w/ higher pt
beware of ides of march expiration mismatch vxx vix sonar report : via @youtube
america 's trade deficit since 1992 in one chart spx spy
parkervision : another case of 'sell the news ' prkr qcom
arista networks ' software strategy could jar cisco even more : anet csco msft googl fb
oil sooo heavy . giving bulls second thoughts in some other sectors . watch yesterday 's lows spy , iwm is below it . fas ugly candle
i used the @google vision api to try and see what their algorithm thought of trump . `` unlikely to be an adult '' sound
rt @katekelly : icymi : terrific scoop today by @jessedrucker on questions of tax , accounting fraud at cat
snap falls below opening price ; how long did twitter and facebook take to do the same ? fb gpro snap
starbucks shares under pressure amid concerning xad market share data dnkn sbux
citi set to ring the nyse closing bell . no , not to celebrate the 8th anniversary of c trading below 1 ( reverse-sp
a popular theory is that instagram is stealing ad dollars from snap . not so fast , @adweek 's @martyswant says .
did the cia clear the way for high-profile cyber attacks ? antm cost cvs
spy pivot low from yesterday is 236.40 . for today , see if it gets below & amp ; stays below , then 235.25 . or get below & amp ; reclaim for a bounce
good ol boy club : bank of america exec describes former employer bac @bankofamerica
gale assets for sale
rt @marketcurrents : eni sells mozambique stake to exxon for 2.8b premarket xom e
no , it 's not actual irish coffee , but beggars ca n't be choosers and @starbucks gave it a shot . sbux
`` doomed '' opec alliance with u.s. shale oil impractical and illegal @jkempenergy ceraweek oott saudi xom gas
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures down ; jobless claims data in focus ges shld sig spls tlrd spy uso
rt @deoneroberts : good ol boy club : bank of america exec describes former employer bac @bankofamerica
sig deeply engaged in talks w/ gs on outsourcing credit denies manipulating our numbers or our customers . wow . this is something .
what would iron ass say ? xom
spx futures down 2 as divergences persist- some levels and thoughts to plan the day .
most clayton clients were pwc auditees . gs , baba , jpm , eni , ally , barclays . @mattgoldstein26 @nyt adds vrx , vow to earlier @ft story .
axp like jpm 's sapphire exec does n't want u to game signups for rewards.but will keep offering them @jennysurane
rt @tischendorf : the 'safe ' and 'easy ' move is to raise cash here . spy hitting new highs before correcting would hurt traders . markets lik
rt @hedgeyehwp : looks like the ceo of bwld does not want to face the music and sent the cfo of 4 months to tell the story .
american , like delta , wo n't match the guidance it issued in january aal dal
rt @sam_l_shead : twitter has shut down its office in berlin twtr
a sense of foreboding as stock bull market nears 8th b-day spy dia via @barronsonline
tsla : amazon , aapl comparisons fair , not a reason to buy via @barrons
a look at historic fed rate hikes and their negative impact : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
stopped on fast
iwm reclaimed 135.78 after making a low of 135.61 . not that convincing
rt @cheddar : . @vfhive 's @nickbilton would n't invest in uber , saying he does n't think it will exist in ten years . here 's why . cheddarlive 
for for 1st time in 30 years tnx appears to show a breakout above trend . low rates have sustained high debt . what
this whole thing is silly . -- & gt ; fb launches snap feature to enhance pics which last only 24 hrs . emperorhasnoclothes they disappear
rt @thestreet : staples closed 48 stores last year & amp ; will shutter another 70 this year spls amzn
@ophirgottlieb twtr just gon na slowly bleed until it finds some semblance of support . they have 2.4b rev but no one cares b/c jack .
staples closed 48 stores last year & amp ; will shutter another 70 this year spls amzn
markets edge higher ; oil drops under 50 ; caterpillar falls again : jnj gs jpm cat xom rdsa baba ntes wb
rumors abound the iphone 8 may be delayed : winners and losers aapl qcom stm syna
final trade : wfm because of the massive april 30 call buying
valeant will tumble further - vrx when 77 we noted it was going way further . wall street is deaf , you are not .
with xle below 200day iwm below the 50day . in my morning call we discussed the spy at least testing the 21day .
calls for pwc to be replaced as cat auditor , among other changes
with u.s. economic data heating up , the burden of proof to the contrary is on the bears spy economy
tesla has a compelling long-term story , but will face near-term headwinds tsla
draghi day , crude dude , & amp ; trending thurs . discussed : elf , tlrd , rad , aig , fate , ulta investools
a bug in google s amp pages is inflating traffic metrics via @yahoofinance - googl
us stock indices down just a touch with around half an hour to the close . djia -0.1 % , with heavily-weighted component ibm falling 1.4 % .
rt @cnbcclosingbell : light guidance taking ulta beauty lower after hours . ulta
on march 9 , 2009 , the s & amp ; p 500 had lost 37 % over the piror 8 years . in the 8 years since it has gained 309 % . spx
credit suisse says plan to hire refugees damaging starbucks brand and sales sbux -- -
the market in 5 minutes spy fb snap tsla rds aig atu cpt ges ions
most acquisitions are finalized at a price that leaves some shareholders sitting on a loss hpe nmbl msft
@weeklystockchar check out our earnings estimate for adbe here :
. @adamfeuerstein talks vulnerable pharmaceuticals , drug pricing under trump gild ibb mrk xbi
i have no idea what gild should do - way above my pay grade - but pretty sure it 's not buying their own shares .
world bank tribunal annuls venezuela damages reward for exxon xom oilprice
starbucks ceo 's refugee comments sour customer views of chain : survey | reuters sbux grc
will the real health of starbucks business please stand up sbux
i didn t wake up to news of gild buying incy .
rt @street_insider : mobileye mbly halted , news pending ( earlier reports of takeover by intc )
fodder for bears : this is the most overvalued stock market on record even worse than 1929 spx djia
buffalo wild wings franchisees voicing support for company management in its fight v. marcato . bwld
2000 was height of craziness in tech bubble , some of fang likely to suffer same fate . aapl is actually cheap ...
this long spy and short tlt getting a tad long in the tooth .
mbly buyout . who else is affected ? momentum mon . discussed : a , amd , tsla , pki , celg , cb , cbs investools
rt @megtirrell : vrx dropping after hours on @davidfaber scoop
ackman throws in the towel on vrx
valeant plunges on bill ackman sale . pershing square throws in towel , exits position . vrx down 12.5 % premarket .
bill ackman is out of valeant vrx
rt @melinanders : ackman loses out on some 6.8 billion by selling valeant at 11 instead of 262.51 high . vrx
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures down ahead of fed meeting spy uso dis dsw eeft mgi vrx rt
agn edit in crispr development pact for eye diseases .
spy has yesterday 's pivot low at 237.24 -we 'll see if we get another quiet inside day . or not . use that as your pivot
hedgeye sell call on cat yesterday joy
@carlquintanilla @jimcramer supermarkets were sold out pre-storm ; if you need stuff today amzn wont make it . weather = retail part of life
oil falls again : saudis report output hike after warning u.s. shale companies xom cvx
i 've written about two chesapeake energy directors bravely buying stock . chk @barronsonline
rt @wallstjesus : googl may bull sweepers detected
how much money did bill ackman lose in valeant ? vrx
spx stocks sell-off as money floods into anniversary gifts .
fed meeting takes center stage even as blizzard bears down on east coast spy uso vxx
rt @bryantanders75 : twtr @jack you are not even paying this guy & amp ; this would increase site traffic by tenfold . what is going on over there
shares of aal , dal , ual , jblu and hd getting hit by winterstormstella @thestreet
almost exactly one year ago , @matt_levine wrote `` ackman 's valeant investment keeps getting worse '' vrx
your tax dollars subsidize amazon . are the jobs worth it ? amzn
the best and worst mobile app performances in q1 : bad news for snapchat snap p ebay expe nflx yelp grub
rt @scottgamm : shares of aal , dal , ual , jblu and hd getting hit by winterstormstella @thestreet
intel inherits mobileye 's problems intc mbly nvda
@holon @elkwood66 and andrew ate humble pie and said he got it right , and on vrx and maybe tdg he 'll eat 'fuck ya ' pie
rt @herbgreenberg : @davidmaris to @scottwapnercnbc on why smart people got vrx wrong we re all human ain t that the sad truth !
another drop for oil prices pulls stock indexes lower hal mro nasdaq dowi gold
why ackman s exit may not be the end of valeant s stock plunge vrx
creepy new app matches pictures of strangers with their facebook profile within seconds privacy fb
live : william ackman sells pershing fund s stake in valeant vrx -
this spx chart signal could mean it s time for the bears to pounce :
both companies have been viewed as one-trick -- or maybe two , tops -- ponies gpro fit
rt @ali : well that makes at least two people not prepared for a 3 a.m. phone call , @hillaryclinton and now @jack . twitterhack twtr
rt @jamesliamcook : a twitter tool was hacked and it caused some famous accounts to tweet about nazis twtr
stock investors may want to monitor these charts for early warning signs : uso xle xom cvx hal mro clr oas
how to lose 4 billion : bill ackman 's long ride down on valeant vrx
shares of vrx are still sliding as the stock slipped more than 10 % and billackman unloaded his stake .
new filing discloses raises for bank of america s top executives bac charobs
jpmorgan 's aviation conference concludes ; expect volatility in airline stocks aal alv cpa luv ual save dal
xlf pulling back on fed rate hike news . coming up : - former @wellsfargo ceo dick kovacevich - former fdic chair
netflix 's international headwinds appear muted amzn nflx
jpm downgrades vrx credit to neutral , sees best case sotp ev of 31.3 billion .
amazon has begun betting it can have its cake and eat it , too . amzn
goldmansachs ceo caught slumming it at four seasons bar to meet old gs staffer . coulda just gone to white house .
mcdonald 's tweets at trump : you 're a 'disgusting excuse for a president ' mcd twtr
this feels really meta posting this on twitter , but is twtr the `` worst stock to own '' ? chris sacca thinks so
@carlquintanilla i find it interesting that goog is trailing the s & amp ; p on a yoy basis
the intel-mobileye deal caused this analyst to downgrade sirius xm intc mbly siri
trump travel ban : apple , google , facebook skip legal challenge to newban aapl googl fb
what does the market think about tesla and its new 1 billion raise ? just look how tsla is trading right now :
mcdonald 's calls trump a 'disgusting excuse for a president ' , claims its twitter account was compromised mcd twtr
rt @jayelang : gs ceo lloyd blankfein does n't mind losing employees to the whitehouse :
rt @lamonicabuzz : who sabotaged mcdonald 's twitter account today ? a bitter democrat ? trump supporter trying to make mcd look bad ? the burg
who sabotaged mcdonald 's twitter account today ? a bitter democrat ? trump supporter trying to make mcd look bad ? th
rt @fiercepharma : allergan , teva claim top spots in gaap vs. non-gaap hall of shame agn teva
pete najarian sees unusual options activity in alcoa aa
us households are pretty fully invested in stocks . and btw , long-term returns are not looking good . spx
absurdly strong trend in adbe . the street is n't all that giddy over the stock , though . average analyst price targe
rt @anorajourno : us households are pretty fully invested in stocks . and btw , long-term returns are not looking good . spx
7 of 12 @mcdonaldscorp directors are over-tenured . avg . tenure : 10.2 years via @boardex
vrx is jcp'ing lol
live : mcdonald 's twitter account attacks trump - mcd says account was compromised
mnkd q4 afrezza sales 1.3m . ouch .
snap carries 'significant risks , ' moffett nathanson initiates at sell snap fb twtr
volatility hedges ahead of french election , @russellrhoads details a multi-lot uvxy call spread
yes , someone is actually keeping track of this vrx :
amzn the impact of earnings on amazon covered calls
hedging against the french election spy
trump may bring home apple , but he ca n't lick robots aapl utx mdlz nke
amzn - pacific crest lowers price target based on pressure from azure and gcp on its aws business .
the british government currently is n't thrilled with google googl
cramer 's stop trading sbux
whenever goldman says its government ties are a liability , i think of this 'quiet ' 2008 meeting ht @katekelly
us health shrs lead downside . blame amgn on bad test results for cholesterol drug . adbe lifts techs on profit beat spx , dj flat/dn
esperion falls victim to amgen 's poor repatha results amgn espr regn
@dubois missing from the convo is the decline of customer service . with amzn consumers no longer have to deal with terrible attitudes
market drifts lower ; financials drag ; mcdonalds nears breakout : mcd ba gs adbe amgn snap mule ccl ntes
rt @gigabarb : what does this analyst have against amazon amzn ?
for 1,900 , you can get an iphone 7 that looks like an old school macintosh pc aapl
rt @timothysykes : this is how you make 1,000 in one day on a 3,000 investment aim small , miss small fb twtr
nke street expects yoy qurtrly ni decline on 6 % rev growth/declining margins , valuation still reasonable @22x 5 % avg mov v 3.7 % implied .
main focus today vrx on the short side out of the gate ... morning push fail and the rest was
spx coiled spring
rt @jeffmacke : has ackman ever made anyone money ? it 's complicated ... spx spy vrx hlf tgt
rt @ldelevingne : . @gmorgenson on ackman 's vrx blunder
when ea gave modest 6m unit guide for mass effect , i guess they knew game 's state . initial reviews disappointing -
3 lessons from bill ackman 's 4b trading loss in valeant vrx @yahoofinance
rt @sanglucci : call sweepers just relentless in this aapl multi-day :
rt @aaronback : the economist : if jp morgan 's balance sheet is a fortress , citigroup 's is a nuclear bomb shelter . j
gilead : wait , it 's pipeline is n't completely barren ? gild via @ben_levisohn
rt @ukarlewitz : spy down 3 days in a row . last 5 yrs , n=60 . when spy above it s 50-d ( like now ) all except 4 closed higher w/in 5 days
rt @cnbcclosingbell : ebay ceo @devinwenig says the last holiday season was the end of retail as we know it :
3 lessons from bill ackman 's 4b trading loss in valeant vrx
rt @earningsscout : when xle earnings were crashing pundits would quote spy eps ex-energy . almost 1/2 of 2017 profits = & gt ; energy . no one st
one popular stock could be headed for a 1929-style crash . is it yours ? a quick test ... amzn nflx amzn aapl
rt @ophirgottlieb : nvda shh ... how to use options to profit from nvidia ( long )
is the bank rally over ? bac jpm via @investopedia
rt @nod008 : how you felt when you `` sold the amzn top '' 27 points ago ...
u.s. used car prices plunge most in any month since 2008 : f gm tsla
rt @charliebilello : the s & amp ; p 500 just dropped 1 % intraday , bringing to an end the most peaceful market in history . spx
could be the first time the qqq 's are below the 8day in 2017. need measure market health each step .
investor quiz . this chart is of ( a ) the ebola virus or ( b ) the xlf ?
rt @timothysykes : wow the dia spy qqq are really speeding up to the downside , finally ! glad i warned longs in chat earlier today , do n't
@stockcats @ow twtr is cats the whole way down .
vrx who sneezed ?
wow . it actually happened . the s & amp ; p 500 dropped 1 % in a single day . the streak is over : vix spy voo
twitter suspends more than 636,000 accounts to tackle extremism twtr
as go banks , so goes market ? not seeing real catalyst for today 's slide . but banks lead way down . bac c jpm gs wfc . xlf etf down 2 % .
addendum : some of us who are being marketed to by adbe , crm , orcl do not enjoy the experience
rt @neilblalock : big spike up in 20 day lows on spx . couple that w/ big negative tick . i.e things to look for on a washout .
vwap from election back in focus on iwm
why bank stocks are getting crushed bac ms gs via @ben_levisohn
dow laggards right now : gs , cat , ba
bank stocks suffer as financial sector drops in broad market decline bac -5.6 ms -4 %
so there it is ... the 1 % + drop for s & amp ; p 500 ... 1st since oct 11 , if we close by that amount ... spy
djia , spx down 1 % for the day ... first time since october
market is not really down 220 points today ... it 's fakenews spy is wrong ! ! @realdonaldtrump
nat gas investors gauging pricing impact of fickle winter weather dgaz ugaz ung
rt @optionsaction : c -2 % gs -3 % bac -5 % here s how @riskreversal said to play c
with apple well into overbought territory a healthy pullback is overdue aapl
the s & amp ; p small cap 600 sank 2.1 % , more than twice the decline of the s & amp ; p 500 's . sml spx wallstreet
fedex does not deliver . at all . earnings miss . fdx down 3.5 % after hours . keep eye on ups as well .
worst day for nasdaq since sept 9. worst day for dow dia since sept 13. worst day for s & amp ; p 500 spy since oct. 11. thanks @humonthemarkets !
tim cook needs to internalize this chart about ipads : @shiraovide via @bfly aapl
live : financial etf xlf down nearly 3 % - @mylesudland explains why investors are so scared
nike 's q3 results : sales in line with estimates ( 8.4b ) earnings beat ( 1.1b ; 0.68 /share ) gross margin miss ( fell to 44.5 % ) nke
fdx falling on its earnings report . @morganlbrennan giving us those numbers !
cue crying jordan ? or happy mars blackmon ? nike eps beat pretty handily . but revs miss forecasts . nke flat after hours . got ta be the shoes .
fedex reports q3 eps 2.35 vs 2.62 est. , adj . sales 15b vs 14.99b est . fdx
customers trust incumbents much more than tsla
is this the bottom ? spy voo
rt @ivanhoff : adidas vs nke ua in the past year . it 's not about valuation . it 's about creating products that people want to buy
shares of bidu fell on news that chief scientist andrew yan-tak ng will retire .
headlines are for suckers ( new blog post ) spy
rt @darrenheitner : nike nke down almost 6 % after hours in q3 revenue miss
spy below 233.58 . 50 day is down at 232.58
turn that swoosh upside down ? nike plunges on sales miss and outlook . nke hurt by weak u.s. retail environment .
nike is nose-diving right now . it 's down 6.2 % . but long-term investors clearly are n't panicking : nke
all major footwear stocks down this morning . nike and finishline are getting hit the hardest . nke -6.19 % finl -4.55 %
nke earnings . miss on future sales expectations . trades to 200 day sma . june otm put seller . @kpdavitt13 hosts .
today s stocks losers : aal , nike , pery
are we witnessing one of the most overvalued markets in history ? you need to see this chart today : spy voo
googl lost 25 billion in value after youtube 's ad problem via @recode
l , l , l , l , l , & amp ; maybe another l today . energy stocks heading for 6th straight losing days on the spx , longest since june , via @akeneotani
thoughtless thursday - trumpdon'tcare health plan gets a vote met sun tasr also amzn tsla oil ung gild
htz gettin ' hurt a bit :
2- then he can tell us how - as head of the sec - he would now view baba 's analytically worthless disclosures rega
what jobless claims , google searches and escort services can tell us about the stock market spy vice
rt @rodboydilm : vrx severs all ties with mike pearson , disclosed in just issued proxy .
rt @briandcolwell : tesla has significant disclosure problems ahead of capital raise - tsla
looks like that little today drop was a shakeout spy
spx it s been 2001 days since peak debt crisis on september 30 , 2011. stocks are up 107 % . but panic for sure
stocks turn lower as vote on health care bill is delayed vz t jnj unh googl hum f
'whole lot of competition ' makes whole foods a sell at ubs kr sfm wfm
are you losing sleep over a 1 % decline in stocks ? spx new post
crazy the amount of panic a small pull in spy creates - imagine the real one ...
oil vs. spy interesting how history repeats .
5-day chart of alphabet class a ( googl ) nasdaq 839.81 -9.99 ( -1.18 % ) see chart
decline to say what was modified | microsoft modifies windows 10 for china s government msft
think it 's great that twtr is thinking about a premium service for professionals . but their real problem is attracting more regular people .
twtr amount i 'd pay to draw pictures for a twitter sub service : 0 . you still owe me for f-ing up your stock .
only cost xom 4 billion in cleanup costs . the stock dropped 4 % in the next two weeks , was back to even within a m
feels like spy has disconnected from everything now ...
interesting that twitter has not broken the lows from last year while sentiment here is extremely bearish . twtr
commented on stocktwits : good point . but nke also talked about weak ret ...
our global `` recovery '' is actually a bubblecovery ( bubble-driven recovery ) . learn more on my website :
rt @stockstotrade : apparently our investor and adviser @timothysykes has been spending some time watching the squeeze on htgm with our hod
dow turns red as ryancare near death , but there 's a silver lining bac wfc gs hca thc
gs now at lows of the week after feeble bounce
most sectors got rejected right under yesterday 's highs . spy 235.34 thursday , today 235.04 . recent pivot low is 233.05
despite the huge quarter , there are still some micron skeptics on wall street . mu
spy broke below 233.05 and reclaimed that fast . a new low by only eleven cents
acha bill has reportedly been pulled ; paul ryan to hold press conference at 4 p.m. et spy ibb vxx
spy below last week 's low of 232.96 and 50day 232.60ish . we 'll see if sellers keep it below . or if those levels get reclaimed .
hoping old wall media gets consensus right freaked out so that i can buy my spy back
cramer 's stop trading aapl
in case you 're wondering ( and i know you are ) , the dow could post its first 8-day losing streak since july-august 2011 . djia
baidu to lay off thousands ? bidu
aapl note apple 's orderly and small decline -- then red this if you trade options
spx breadth 3:1 negative . tapes heavy all day ( with 2:1 negative breadth or worse ) tend to end that way . i 'm long ( healthcare ) but fyi
facebook 's filters and everything else it 's stolen from snapchat fb snap
rt @seeitmarket : new blog : s & amp ; p 500 futures trading outlook for march 28 - by @annemarietrades spy oil es_f ht
the only synergy between sq and twtr is the need to fire jack dorsey ! twitter and square fail greed
technically speaking : a shift in sentiment : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
the car lease bubble : a huge problem for auto manufacturers : = a product of record low inte
here 's the fascinating thing about the dow being down 8 straight days . it 's down 1.5 % in that span . djia dia :
black tesla worker says he faced racist taunts , violent threats via @yahoofinance - tsla trouble cc @armstrongcbc
welcome to the u.s. auto market aka the trade-in-treadmill : f gm tsla
trimmed some more bac . still in some . but less
`` the charge is that goldman sachs is able to extract certain advantages that others can not '' gs
rt @_davidelman : oh , snap , it looks like the miracle run may be over , with nke kicking it to the curb in @thestreet 's tstbracket challen
fear of missing out at the last stage of a bull market is justified , but consider dismal long-term returns spx
spx futures down 3 , was that the `` window dressing '' move , or do we see commitment ? spy
shares of aapl are down 0.1 % despite news of a big upgrade from ubs .
3 reasons deutsche bank downgraded f5 networks to sell ffiv
rt @web : saw a vc confused by wal-mart s purchase of @modcloth , the other day . as malls die , wal-mart is in position to be sole alternative
stupidstock move of the day ! dnkn down 2 % just because of gs sell call ? still looking better than sbux lately .
here 's the only stuff worth caring about from samsung 's new apple iphone 8 killer aapl
rt @sonalibasak : bill ackman is `` deeply and profoundly '' sorry for his investment in vrx , he tells investors . @cynthialkoons @bethjinks
a clear and present danger - an examination of the auto industry : by @lanceroberts f gm
had a little tour of we chat yesterday . was blown away . china is far beyond what i expected . looking at tencent . very interesting . tsla
why police think an amazon echo may help crack a murder case : amzn
@bamabroker @threepirates ca n't argue with that with inflation coming ... gld gold 2017
if facebook 's goal in this absurd ad push for fb live is to shine a light on how uncompelling that content actuall
@vsankholkar1 at this point twtr is a coin flip , i would n't recommend it & amp ; have already said so . i 'm just noting those fb ads are awful .
not anticipating a market crash , but think risk/reward of spx here is quite poor and if we get normal recession i
apple aapl to decrease iphone production by 10 % in 1st quarter of 2017 :
the 10 best spas in the world it 's important to treat your body right as trading is stressful fb twtr
icymi : why 2017 may be a more difficult year for microsoft than you thought . msft
pretty certain industrials xli do a complete round trip here , there 's no way a true infrastructure spending package passes , em is a mess
the bear cases for wall street 's darlings amat amzn fcx nvda nem mu
all the nvda haters gon na hate .
a man using facetime killed a 5-year-old girl in a highway crash . was apple to blame ? aapl mobile
fyi - aapl does n't have a duty to prevent you from being an idiot .
. @consumerreports says do n't buy the new macbook pro . here 's why : via @davidgoldmancnn
@atticusliu except they had @elonmusk tesla tsla
i love this bs . they ca n't mass produce . not a chance . there is already a better company called tesla . tsla faradayfuture
no thanks . tsla
wall street hits the brakes on tesla shares as elon musk 's push to ramp up shipments stumbled at end of 2016 : tsla
whatsapp warning - hackers can now steal bank account login with app | tech | life & amp ; style | daily express fb
rt @yahoofinance : live now : the dow moves closer to 20k , tesla tsla falls short - watch
live now : the dow moves closer to 20k , tesla tsla falls short - watch
coming up : watch @alexistvnews @rickjnewman @spyjared talk tsla , gas prices , lego 's robotics set at ces2017
little change in overall eps guidance for spx for current fiscal year since september 30 .
the amount of short interest surrounding tesla is near its highest levels ever right now : tsla
lone hacker defaces google brazil domain googl
the rationale behind cowen 's airline bearishness aal alk jblu save ual dal luv skyw
tesla falls short of vehicle delivery goal tsla via @nypost via @jamescovert1
gone in 2.39 seconds : faraday claims tesla-beating supercar - bloomberg tsla
alibaba is taking two vendors who have been selling fake swarovski watches on taobao to court :
'tesla killer ' faraday future may be dead-on-departure aapl tsla
tumblin ' vxx on todays vix sonar report in high def tattoos
a problem with gold gld
should anyone really be surprised by weakness at m & amp ; kss ? i bought almost every christmas present from amzn . i a
rt @ukarlewitz : consumer loan delinquency rate at a 30+ year low . likely see a rise before macro expansion ends spx
what does rex tillerson 's exxon mobil track record tell us ? ( hint : nothing good ) xom
criticism of xom 's tillerson deal : costly for shareholders , long-term holding jettisoned , board had alternatives --
rt @bthau : think amazon has the lowest price ? this leather bag is 49 % less at burberry @icsc retail pricing amzn
google sued by labor department over refusal to provide compensation data via @yahoofinance - googl
apple pulls new york times app from itunes store in china - aapl
been short macy 's for a while . it 's not a weak consumer , an awful ux & amp ; price vs amazon . not a sustainable business . same w dks m amzn
at the intc press conference where there are @oculus headsets and , as one analyst put it , `` f*cking huge laptops . ''
2 reasons buying tableau software shares has become riskier data amzn msft
on the declining retail sector , @bondsfx says it 's hard to compete against amazon , but consolidation could be pivot
also , there 's all this discussion about quantifying reputational damage . how is amgn facing any reputational damages ? regn
i do n't understand the judge 's ruling here . how could monetary damages be inadequate ? it 's pretty easy to stipulate a royalty . amgn regn
amgen blocks competitors from selling rival cholesterol drug amgn regn
rt @andybiotech : regn sny presumably will file for emergency stay to postpone in conjunction with an appeal , which usually takes one year
re the amgn sny regn pcsk9 patent battle news of the day
fake news , farcical policies , and phony markets : @miningjunkie gold gdxj uvxy fcx wuc .
the market in 5 minutes : nonfarm payrolls lower than expected spy uso dis gbx hele rt wen mcd gpro hsy
friday already ? non-farm payrolls will set the table jobsreport uso spy iwm futures --
apple cuts ceo @tim_cook 's pay , citing performance aapl
how holocaust deniers ( and other conspiracy theorists ) get to the top of search results goog
apple 's sales slump is taking a bite out of tim cook 's paycheck : aapl
this was apple 's prototype for the iphone ( note the `` click wheel '' design ) via
the 15 days did n't work , but today is trading day 19 . spx spy
aapl : 101 % doomed . 101 % .
guess we have to put the office 's `` dow 20,000 '' cake back into the freezer for the weekend djia
ah well . you win some you lose some . apple ceo cook s 2016 pay lower as tech giant misses targets aapl via @wsj
q4 the 16th of past 20 quarters in which bottom-up spx eps estimate decreased while value of index increased .
@scrt22 @jack no problem . everyone wants to get in if we can get management out . twtr
rt @canuck2usa : look at built in biases make sure they are in check perpetual bear or `` i hate aapl `` etc that 's another train-wreck waitin
investors may want to chicken out of buffalo wild wings stock this year . bwld
more rumors . dis twtr
rt @timothysykes : the crucial question you must ask yourself daily and answer very carefully fb twtr
@n0rbie @syncubate @fijitime71 disney will use cash and debt and hopefully no stock . dis twtr
how close did the dow get to 20,000 ? on friday it traded as high as 19,999.63 : djia
@andrewbarranca6 @nytimes @starbucks i thought i was bad with coffee . you 're worse . any best practices for grinding . we own sbux
rt @timothysykes : i will always expose pumps like these learn to avoid them or even short sell them ! fb twtr
5 trade ideas for monday : aig , cme , honeywell , mcdonald 's and pfizer -dragonfly capital.. aig mcd cme hon
twitter gives martin shkreli a timeout - cnet twtr
are social media s ads for eyeballs valuations about to be eviscerated ? : twtr fb
how the f* & amp ; k do you even use lnkd seriously ...
the inspiration behind three new starbucks products launching this week : sbux
a recent gs note has `` make active great again '' in the title ...
baba 's jack ma says he 's `` 100 % committed '' to fighting counterfeiting except when he 's not .
how 's that corner shop working out for ya ? amzn
spx futures are down 2. upper intermediate pivot support is 2260. ca n't get to bearish if this continues to hold .
apple will reportedly release 3 new ipads in 2017 aapl
legal experts weigh in on the amgen/regeneron patent case amgn regn sny
rt @optionsaction : here s how @riskreversal is trading tech qqq
rt @sharkbiotech : looks like celg q4 beat by 2 cents and revenue slightly lower celg guiding 2017 up 7.1- 7.25 revenue 13-13.4 billion
baba lawyer was nominated to run sec while sec is investigating the company . now jack ma is meeting with @realdonaldtrump promising jobs
rt @barronsnext : ces 2017 : how under armour wants to beat apple . uaa ua aapl
bank of america sued for 542 million over fdic risk rule bac
young acknowledges gild has no control over slowing . says trying to push awareness with direct to patient campaigns . gild jpm17
for those who missed it , our report from may-2016 : alibaba s sec probe : what s missing from this disclosure ? baba
rt @politicopro : trump huddles with alibaba , despite piracy pledge , reports @tonyromm . baba | photo : ap
morningstar just downgraded msft credit to aa+ ; will others follow ? via @barronsonline
bofa sued by us regulator over unpaid premiums bac via @ft
. @riskreversal aapl is there a mispricing in apple s options ? my take via @yahoofinance
the djia fell today as oil prices slid . check out our complete post-market analysis :
rt @barronstechblog : china s big semiconductor push : investors , be wary , says morgan stanley - tech trader daily - amat intc qcom
cancelling signals stocks spx
. @tpoletti wrote about this `` company '' - a dumpster full of assets - after verizon-yahoo deal was announced yhoo vz
whole foods market cancels alberta openings as canadian expansion plan slows wfm
hmmm . @nickbilton sees twtr stock hitting single digits in ~1 year , he says on @marketplace
len @regeneron - & gt ; drug price hikes seeks to mask lack of innovation - contra regn cc @dnanexus jpm17
facebook 's hiring process hinders its effort to create a diverse workforce . via @technology diversity women fb
marissa mayer stepping down from yhoo board of directors
rt @joewalkerwsj : fair criticism of regeneron ceo 's pricing position . ( in the weeds , but argument is regn benefits from high price w/o hav
regn ceo says on praluent patent dispute he 's `` surprised '' that amgn feels `` they have to take this product from these patients now ''
i 'm in the regn breakout and can confirm , len is pissed off . jpm17
we talk about putting patients first , but i do n't think the industry does - regn ceo live at jpm17
you better resign from that board or altaba you ... . yahoo yhoo
rt @matthewherper : regn ceo : other people like to blame the fda we think they have been nothing but helpful
thank god the reign of terror ends . the worst ceo in a long time . what a horrid end . altaba . what a dumb name . why
clarification : when i said len was pissed , i meant about the praluent injunction and amgn . otherwise , he 's the same len . regn
in a year , @nickbilton says twtr will be trading at single digits .
bankofamerica is being accused of stiffing the fdic . bac
beware of these internet scams regardless of how alluring they may sound to you ! fb twtr
aapl shh ... an option mis-pricing may be upon us in apple
rt @bullfan2016 : adamfeuerstein : the grand ballroom at jpm17 , waiting for celg .
rt @ophirgottlieb : aapl shh ... an option mis-pricing may be upon us in apple
@xiongtx do n't disagree , just highlighting irony of trump-ma love-in given us grief baba gets for counterfeits , notorious markets list etc
just friday ubs took target up 50 , gs retraces back to where it was thursday now @zozotrader
rt @robenfarzad : in some adults , altaba could cause dry mouth , constipation and thoughts of irrelevance yhoo vz
. @jimcramer says you need to look beyond nvidia : nvda
alibaba is paying 2.6 billion to take china retailer intime private , a 56 % premium : baba
. @jimcramer calls banking stocks very tricky : c wfc gs bac
the mid day sneaky bac wiseguy
`` reject rex '' projected on state . dept . headquarters exxon xom trump
adrian day : a time for caution , though gold stocks look like good buys : gold gdx fnv
dow 20,000 frustrations : xom is down 6.2 % since trump nominated rex tillerson to be secretary of state on december 13th . wti no help .
consumer reports says it 's reviewing its decision to not recommend macbook pro after apple fixed a bug : aapl
what do you make of @realdonaldtrump 's meeting with alibaba 's jack ma ? what will those 1 million jobs look like ? cheddarlive baba
facebook challenges 2 billion lawsuit alleging its virtual reality acquisition @oculus stole key technology fb
first time in 9 years spx has ended unchanged on the day
turns out fang stocks were among biggest drags on a day when nasdaq comp hits a record high fb -0.4 % amzn -0.1 % nflx -0.8 % googl -0.1 %
rt @realjacobbell : vrx begins its trim-down phase jpm17
facebook s hiring process hinders its effort to create a diverse workforce - bloomberg fb grc
tesla digs up exec from apple , which musk mocked as 'tesla graveyard ' : tsla aapl nvda mbly googl intc
rt @crackedmarket : why smart traders are ignoring this price-action : spy spx es_f qqq iwm
whoa . nailed it ? : spy voo
himax : craig hallum cuts to hold as microsoft hololens fails to deliver himx msft syna aapl
fb takeover of nflx poll based on rumors
it 's really unsupervised learning , clustering , and natural language parallel processing that 's driving up amd & amp ; nvda . not vr / ar = bs
did rex tillerson just lie under oath about lobbying against russia sanctions ? lobbying xom
it 's not a discount , but rather a credit that can be applied to other purchases at amzn
trump believes china 's alibaba will create 1 million us jobs here 's why it 's not impossible baba
3 reasons @twitter 's revenue could decline in 2017 twtr
rt @yahoofinance : live now : investors digest trump 's threats , aapl 's hollywood dreams and facebook 's journalism - watch
follow through ? sweeperbrief - 01/11/2017 cyh aes mx gld aapl fslr vale stt
i agree it 's critical . however , rarely see it used by regulators to point to ceo/cfo as source of org toxicity .
study : pcs no longer a preferred gift item , as 2016 shipments decline for 5th year in a row aapl hpq lnvgy
thrilling thursday - rally resumes on dollar weakness xrt oil spx wfc slw gld
as traditional brick-and-mortar retailers cut jobs and close stores amzn
listen : @adambain on twitter , facebook , youtube , snapchat and the gloomy future of tv ads cc : @fmanjoo @jyarow twtr
the market in 5 minutes : jobless claims lower , trump conference shakes sectors aapl spy ibb mrk dis dal
trump reality versus trump fantasy . `` look at how good stocks do when i yell fake news at cnn . '' twtr
twtr will live stream paint dry at this point . time to sell to disney @jack dis
if iwm breaks lower red line , sell signals will extend to other 4th qtr leadership .
broadcom completes largest bond sale of 2017 via @wsj avgo
iwm broke two pivots . 135.42 and now below key support 134.40 . see if it stays below .
uvxy quick melt
if there were referees in the market today , they 'd be throwing all sorts of flags for `` off-sides '' positioning . spx ndx
investors in struggling u.s. retailers should n't expect a leveraged buyout to save them . bbby
ms : results wo n't confirm or deny any of this , but rather just show low growth against low expectations . 3/3
tough day for market . dow down 160. only 3 of the 30 stocks up . mcd and vz barely higher . but mrk up 1 % . continues to buck drug selloff .
the most frequent mistakes that lead traders to ruin spy
apple was lower by 0.9 % as investors continue to wonder if it will make a foray into original content :
pivotal downgrades 7 tech and media stocks ahead of trump inauguration adbe cbs crm disca ipg twtr dis
pace of apple innovation frustrates product fans , rewards investors aapl pypl
after a 13 % revenue decline in 2016 , goldman sachs could see a rebound to high single-digit growth :
taiwan semiconductor just gave apple investors something major to worry about aapl via @thestreet
futures give up some gains after bofa , wells reports wfc bac
want to supercharge ? you 'll have to pay up tsla
apple contemplates original content aapl by @biintelligence
i guess we 're all going back to using smoke signals . sell your fb shares and buy walkie talkies ?
rt @adamsinger : i guess we 're all going back to using smoke signals . sell your fb shares and buy walkie talkies ?
consumer reports changed its mind about apple s new laptops via @yahoofinance - aapl
how apple 's culture of secrecy wears down its top developers aapl
. @riskreversal thinks the industrials could drop . he 's trading csx to give himself some room to the downside .
earnings expected tues : unh ms csx ual ibkr - 5 largest u.s. companies by market cap . start your research :
here 's the spx and extreme periods of quiet ( & lt ; 12 vols in vix ) with vix inverted :
video : gs ' matt fassler on what s ahead for retail in 2017 after disappointing december data
rt @optionsaction : could it be time to bet against the banks ? @michael_khouw thinks so , and he 's got a c trade .
`` he wants to be emperor his friends say , about current emperor of fb - is genuinely terrifying
oh look . another descending channel . this was spy post election
33 % of spx companies have beat sales estimates for q4 to date , well below the 5-year average ( 53 % ) .
google and facebook gave more to republicans than to democrats : reports via @yahoofinance - fb googl paying to win
tesla is taking a huge risk with the model 3 and it may not pay off via @yahoofinance - tsla
video : gs ' matt fassler on what s ahead for retail in 2017 after disappointing december data .
inauguration day is less than a week away . will that impact your stocks ? here 's what you need to see : spy voo
under armour wants to beat apple . uaa ua aapl
watch apple try to prove its wacky new airpods wo n't fall out of your ears aapl
@adamsinger @krshya we expect twitter to be taken out this year and jack will be gone soon . twtr
rt @kennyfoley3 : nvda is growth over for nvidia ? by @ophirgottlieb
aapl how the option market has mis-priced apple earnings for the last three-years ... and yeah , it matters .
aapl owning call spreads in apple over last three-years and avoiding earnings ... whoa . backtester demo movie -- & gt ;
@mschmitt9 yeah def not conclusive . just sayin meeting rus oligarch ( who seemingly gifted 10s of ms in 08 ) days before elect seems fishy ...
a vxx put purchase from 12/30 that expired friday is broken down by @russellrhoads
qualcomm-nxp deal : trump talk raises concerns - nxpi could be better for nxpi ( long )
@cgartenhaus @jack @leslieberland jack thinks twitter is his and he fails to understand that it is not . we 're going to take it . twtr
nyse down volume near oversold levels spy via @jkrinskymkm spx
rt @vanessablum : mark zuckerberg testifies in dallas ip case , defends facebook-oculus deal via @john_council fb
. @businessinsider 's @alexeheath joins us to talk about zenimax 's lawsuit against oculus/facebook . cheddarlive fb
if you were looking at wall street you would assume ms crushed , it didn & amp ; 39 ; t , & amp ; lt ; 5 % beat -
nike and under armour could be wrecked by trump import tax ua nke via @thestreet
rt @jowens510 : ftc antitrust suit against qualcomm focuses on main business and apple deal , puts cloud over qcom rebound
oh , and a final lol ? goog went public worth 26.4b ( forbes ) . snapchat might pull the trigger at 30 billion . hmm .
@rjcc @bluechoochoo that too . what do you expect fb not even close to appropriately staffed for the size of their user base .
investors should heed morgan stanley s cautious note on bank stocks and roes . via @wsjheard ms
so , people are taking the idea that the us gov should buy gild seriously ? i 'd expect to see the gov order everyone to speak french first .
the group has been selling off ; c has 64 tbv , bought back 7 % will keep doing so . buy into any weakness .
c misses the estimize eps consensus by 1c and the estimize revenue consensus by 203.28m -
the bear case for alphabet googl
downside pre-mkt : pso , gimo , etrm , ccj , himx , tgt , csk , amd , ibkr , arry , uvxy , kss , ual powered by
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` did trump mark the bottom for solar stocks ? '' by @atmcharts tan tsla fslr
@maxjacobsedison donald trump would strip naked and dance the makarena before buying gild
ebay is up nearly 20 % over the last 52 weeks , but it still is n't worth it without paypal :
treasuries weak today as s & amp ; p and nasdaq-100 find a bid -- reversal trade in bonds could be interesting spy qqq zb_f zn_f tlt tbt
how to trade the negative reaction to gs and c earnings with @jeremynaylor_ig losses can
point view wealth management 's john petrides says nflx is overvalued , pointing to the emerging battle for original
upgrades & amp ; downgrades : disney dissed , halliburton hailed . dis hal burl
artificial intelligence , machine learning could threaten apps amzn bidu crm googl fb msft intc tsla
@nichcarlson it 's cheap . there is hope for the new iphone but i do n't think it will matter . new direction and ceo needed . aapl
@nichcarlson not following my @cnbc spots . yes . we 're very disappointed in apple . 14 pe for a reason . they have nothing going on . aapl
stocks little changed in morning trading on wall st , despite upbeat earnings from banking giants gs and c . djia and spx broadly flat .
nflx reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.02 eps and +1.33m revs compared to ws
davos ca n't even provide heat for the ceo of goldmansachs @serwer @alexistvnews gs
aapl shh ... . apple released its next big thing and nobody noticed via @sai
rt @businessinsider : facebook won t pay publishers for live videos anymore fb
ok once again a bank stock is down ( ie gs ) following great results which means the mkts are pricing in the downside of @realdonaldtrump
edward @snowden tells @bnn 's @bruce_croxon cantech17 blackberry claims it 's secure , but `` its really sad that this is not the case . '' bbry
kind of sing-song-y , is n't it ? `` citigroup near session low , ficc wo n't grow '' -- c wallstreet earnings
rt @hap_sneddon : led to bbry losing its way recall being on with @hainsworthtv talking the stk drop after jobs salvo . me : '' but they have th
rbc 's mark mahaney : no reason to buy netflix right now nflx
another big cell tx panel starting up here with . adap blcm pfe nk and celg .
rt @gilliantan : trump is n't the only reason goldman 's staff count is down via @bfly gs
and it 's about to embark on a round-trip back to active ... imo . spx ndx
breaking : netflix says houseofcards season 5 delayed to q2 . nflx hoc
earnings expected thurs : ibm unp axp bk bbt - 5 largest u.s. companies by market cap . research them here :
ten . more . days . @wholefoods a block from @nasdaq . hellolunch wfm
@rodboydilm at least one @realdonaldtrump nominee is qualified to take a chinese fraud public . he 'll be running the sec . baba
twtr
twitter sells fabric ... . here is how much they like developers twtr
china to slash ev battery prices by 40 % . tsla gigafactory price advantage evaporates . via @barrons
rt @jdmarkman : trump/reagan stock market comparators should be careful what they wish for spx
rt @wallstcynic : @bysamro which , if other nflx trends hold , would mean that netflix would have to raise 16 billion per year . investmentg
alligatorjaws always close ... eem spx
tsla escapes recall in probe of death linked to autopilot via @bloomberg
las vegas sands agrees to pay nearly 7 million penalty to resolve fcpa charges related to china and macao lvs
the trump error begins ! spy uso trumperror disruptj20 inaugurationday --
sell the news ? twtr stock down on inaugurationday even as twitter fan trump set to become president . @realdonaldtrump @potus @potus44
where there 's smoke , there 's not always fire : be careful with these 10 rumor mill stocks ddd feye prgo kors
boeing has a trillion reasons to be worried about a china-trump trade war ba aapl gm
while other companies ride the trump tide , boeing scales back amzn ba fcau
how amzn is becoming the kind of retailer it hurt
stocks that are down big today on the inauguration tgd bmy csx endp mnk aes wba alle efx alxn nsc ge
china gears up to take on trump even as domestic economy slows to 26-year low spy fxi
check out the s & amp ; p chart from today spx
rt @optionsplay : gild prints a new 52-w lo , weak rel . strength & amp ; bearish trends , look for continuation lower
nflx stock and marketing team are both on
i wrote about a fun recent streak the s & amp ; p just logged spx
rt @ldelevingne : bizarre link to platinum partners in this case gs
ibm selling put spreads every 30-days but _avoiding_ earnings 3-yr , 2-yr , 1-yr , 6-mos via @cmlviz back-tester :
twitter investors do n't care about trump 's new twitter handles twtr
why a hunter harrison bid for csx is n't as simple as it seems cp csx nsc
rt @mattrosoff : hard times for qcom -- aapl suing for 1b
hard times for qcom -- aapl suing for 1b
dear twtr , u are a disaster @jack ( see full pic )
apple sues qualcomm for 1 billion , alleging extortion via @forbes - aapl qcom
rt @mattmillercubed : tsla @elonmusk @ophirgottlieb @howardlindzon so , you 're saying i 've got a chance ? to survive the drive ? good on ya el
here are the last 6 months summed up with a cartoon . the stock market can have serious mood swings :
twitter mistakenly forces users to follow @potus ; facebook post calling out incident mysteriously altered fb twtr
the 7 biggest lies you 've been told about penny stock trading i got ta cut through the bs fb twtr
is nike bracing for a slowdown ? nke
nincompoop . twtr
trump 's likely pick to head the fcc wants to end net neutrality . cmcsa nflx vz
mcd or cmg , depending upon what you order
mark zuckerberg virtualreality is going to take some time to get where it needs to be . fb
coverage of all things volatility from last week vix vxx skew svxy uvxy
which of trump 's cabinet spots are still undecided ? fmcc fnma gs
mcd , googl & amp ; msft all set to report earnings this week .
toshiba : canon to the rescue , again ? ! via @barronsasia wdc mu
rt @jacobawohl : q4 earnings show wells fargo wfc is still losing customers // clearly c jpm bac and others are scooping up their busine
q4 earnings show wells fargo wfc is still losing customers // clearly c jpm bac and others are scooping up thei
mcdonald 's cites `` challenging comparison against the prior year '' for the decline in us sss . mcd
mcdonald 's comparable sales fall less than expected mcd earnings
spx futures down 3-4 handles here are some levels & amp ; thoughts to start the week .
yahoo faces sec probe over hack disclosure yhoo
but us comp sales , the most watched metric , fell . turnaround over ? mcd
yhoo - is the target of a sec probe over the 2013 and 2014 cyberattacks .
u.s. stocks open lower -- mcdonald 's third-biggest weight on the dow after 4q revenue miss , lower comp sales . mcd
amex is moving on from costco axp cost
this is why stocks are risky right now . spx vix
rt @matt_townsend : . @nike on list of companies at risk in a u.s.-china trade war via @markets nke
wall street is n't super bullish on the u.s. stock market . that may shock you . here 's the data . spy
rt @energzdeconomy : rextillerson now a shoo in for secstate after mccain , graham , rubio resistance vanishes . exxon oott xom
spy is playing with friday 's low . 225.97 . see if sellers keep it below ( or not ) 225.41 is week 's low . 50day is 223.44
qcom off 12 percent
let 's just flush this baby a little more for the proper short squeeze can we ? ? spy iwm
the only problem with hoodies is they contaminate your cell cultures . there were plenty of lab coats at vrx .
mcdonald 's may have been disappointing today , but @jimcramer says investors need to take a long-term view :
yahoo among many disclosing data breaches to sec via @wsj @cfojournal yhoo
rt @andybiotech : poor teva paid agn 40b just to assume `` all liabilities and claims relating to the operation of acquired assets ''
have to read the entire complaint because agn may not be selling those drugs any more.. so it is n't clear what the
the great american mcdonald 's comeback may be over . here 's why : via @lamonicabuzz mcd
rt @cfojournal : yahoo among many disclosing data breaches to sec writes @cfojournal 's @vipalmonga yhoo cybersecur
yahoo among many disclosing data breaches to sec writes @cfojournal 's @vipalmonga yhoo cybersecurity
auto parts retailers banged up as amazon moves in amzn aap azo orly ebay fdml dorm
as promised , president trump withdraws from the trans-pacific partnership spy
rt @corytv : how the @yahoo sec investigation might endanger the @vz merger . a discussion with @carolmassar yhoo ht
citi units to pay 28.8 million for giving u.s. homeowners 'runaround ' : watchdog | reuters c @cfpb
yahoo says sale to verizon delayed until second quarter via @technology yhoo
hal fell 2.6 % today after company announced massive quarterly loss - rival slb also dipped 2.5 % . another tough day for oil sector ...
`` pai indicated that a top priority under the new administration would be dismantling net neutrality . '' nflx
rt @cnntech : yahoo now expects its sale to verizon to be delayed : yhoo vz
. @apple 's legal assault on @qualcomm is a bid to rake back slowing phone profits . apple tech aapl
under armour is wall street 's new punching bag ua nke m addyy 
yahoo `` earnings '' report . yhoo
i don t think anyone is bearish enough on amzn over the near term , '' says @hedgeyeretail .
not really -- there is n't much that can be done against agn -- the sold the division..
`` no growth rebound or needle movers '' apple downgraded by @barclays pt 117 aapl
`` the administration 's policy on china is somewhat out of date considering where china is today '' - fdx ceo on trade , tpp on @cbsthismorning
insideetfs attendees : find us at booth 211 to learn how powershares qqq invests in innovation .
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures flat ahead of earnings reports spy uso aapl baba jnj vz yhoo
rolled ibm feb 170 calls to feb 175 , taking out 3.50 ( gives a negative 89c basis going forward )
@xvlucky1 it will need time now baba
benchmark 's dan kurnos previews ebay 's q4 earnings amzn ebay
@mcwm @apple maybe you can articulate their pathetic strategy . we have none , is what i think . aapl apple
study in contrasts today : verizon 's worst day in 5 years yahoo soars after earnings yhoo vz
verizon could enter long-term downtrend vz yhoo via @investopedia
stocks could remain range-bound until trump policy details become clearer aa aet jnj baba hum ba spy
i deactivated my fb account yesterday ; needed a time-out from social . have n't been able to pull the plug on twtr tho , at least not yet .
i 'm not adding to spy here . but holding from yesterday . adding on strength has been tough
. @barclays downgrades aapl do you agree or disagree with their call ?
i really wan na buy spy puts but 3:1 positive breadth telling me to chill .
the iphone8 wo n't help apple aapl
mcdonald 's lags behind starbucks , dunkin ' donuts apps and loyalty programs via @thestreet mcd sbux dnkn
aa just going stupid nuts on the car stuff , there are going to be so many dislocations in stock values because of this idiocy
join @hedgeyeindstrls @2:30pm to discuss `` trump policies vs. earnings uncertainty : a major risk '' xli wab txt de
julia says she was unfairly terminated from her job at @wholefoods after 15 yrs wfm reinstatejulia @wholefoodsdc
and then there was twtr
need more than this to recommend this one.. vrx
@brianfires no , you are wrong . long hlf and vrx is a zero .
unhealthy future ahead for fit ?
there is a possibility the blow-off is just getting started . see all sides spx
rt @goldmansachs : how will the us withdrawal from tpp affect asia ? gs economist andrew tilton explains on @bloombergtv
gld turning south at gap fill .
fintwitter reaction to dow20k twtr
3 near-term risks for apple bulls aapl
i hear @duked2015 lost his mom 's retirement buying twtr at 24
not sure where the next 10 % is but i can say with confidence these are n't levels to establish 'buy and hold ' positions , by and large . spx
- aapl apple solves biggest flaw with airpods : how to find them when they get lost
gary cohn swaps gs for dc for a nine-figure payout
geoinvesting : kandi technologies 'could be in serious jeopardy ' kndi
freeport earnings miss analysts ' estimates as indonesian sales volumes trail forecast via @markets fcx
too big to fail - it 's happening again : gs c jpm
stx excellent fade off the re-test and failed follow through momentum - love it when they do n't give any headaches and just work
going on now at `` government sachs '' gs
well , yes . the big problem is unwillingness to write a big check that saves money over time . gild
morgan stanley cuts apple estimates and predicts an iphone 7 sales slump for 2017 aapl
amazon could soon disrupt america 's largest clothing stores - amzn
5 out of 5 economists agree : there ai n't no such thing as free shipping . amzn
why apparel retailers moved higher on trump 's comments about the dollar coh gld hbi nke rl xrt
united airlines q4 beats , but q1 costs to surge ; csx q4 mixed ual csx
here we go again with c shortfall on equity trading but overall positive numbers
gs shares drop on earnings 1 minute @igcom chart 4q eps 5.08 , may not compare with estimates of 4.84
goldman sachs gs stock currently -1.6 % in premarket trading on 15k shares of volume in immediate reax to earnings .
rt @cheddar : to win the fight against fake news , @storyful 's @mjenkins says fb needs to incentivize users to read & amp ; share verified reports .
aapl already mentioned by chinese media as high profile target for retaliation in a trade war .
confirming the ovious . change needs to come to apple . fast . aapl innovation decline .
after realizing live video is hard to do , @kurtwagner8 says many people wonder if fb will pay publishers for premi .
podcast : back from davos @scaramucci on @cnbc splk hpt @kevinolearytv running nflx at the close : via
why i m not putting a lot of stock in these last gasp obama era cases against at & amp ; t , qualcomm , oracle t orcl qcom
@mansfieldforpa agree with both of you . they are stripping it down for sale . let 's see if they can get it done . twtr
at current levels , goldman sachs shares remain roughly 5.3 % below their all-time high of 247.92 : .
the app store is present in china , where app-related spending skyrocketed last year , and google play is n't : .
twitter sells fabric to google . this is a puzzling transaction as this is an app analytics company that twitter ads used . twtr goog
gs ' ceo lloyd blankfein talks markets & amp ; economic growth @cnbc @andrewrsorkin @beckyquick @joesquawk wef17
mixed mkt , vix up 5 % , nflx bearish sentiment , unusual activity tmus & amp ; hpt @jonnajarian
today s stocks losers : jcp , csx himx
@7wtc @filmprofessor9 @notabubble @yusschr too expensive now . missed their changce . nflx might be bigger than these companies soon ...
. @byrnerws no sense on timing ( selling 'news ' fri maybe too easy ) but the retest of spx 1580 is out there ( -30 % ) ; .
citigroup is the last of the cheap banks , c
netflix has no plans to show live sports nflx
rt @charliebilello : returns , last 10 years ... amzn : +2,038 % wmt : +80 % tgt : +45 % bby : +18 % bbby : -1 % m : -5 % kss : -27 % spls : -54 % jc .
stocks : - trouble for toshiba and takata - ecb announcement - watching @netflix tktdy tosyy nflx
this was a one of those mornings that if you listened to the news they scared you out vs trading the price action .
live now morgan stanley ceo james gorman ms @saraeisen @wilfredfrost davos
fb zuckerberg photos have an eddie haskell feel . the shot w cops looks like loquacious kid trying to talk his way .
wedbush : netflix is overvalued . reiterates under perform while the street goes into overdrive with price-target upgrades nflx
gs ceo lloyd blankfein sits down with @bloomberg 's john micklethwait at wef17
betting on stocks to go down not working out for shorts this morning favorite targets/percent float short tsla 38.2 % nflx 5.8 % chkp 7.5 %
big-box retail : fixed ! i 'm sick of watching retailers lose . here 's how tgt & amp ; wmt can beat amzn
rt @gdinges : whole foods closing 3 regional kitchens , trimming 500 jobs wfm
how will brexit impact @microsoft 's pricing ? the company 's ceo weighs in : msft
no bump to twtr for selling fabric ?
spy ( this friday ) update - large spread bought or sold ( don t know which ) at 224/225 . for now would see as support .
harry dent promo : stocks are gon na crash and `` owning gold during this crisis will only lose you more money ! '' gld
nvda now making its move ...
google is doing a terrible job at shipping its pixel smartphones via @verge - googl
live from trump treasury secretary pick and ex- gs partner steven mnuchin 's confirmation hearing . cheddarlive go .
apple could pay 2.1 billion in interest on unpaid eu taxes | channelnews aapl
target 's challenges 'look structural ' ; goldman downgrades to sell amzn tgt
first week of jan. , i predicted on our sports biz podcast that jack ma and his team would make a splash in 2017..
citigroup unit to pay 25 million over 'spoofing ' in u.s. treasury futures | reuters c
shares : can twtr convince investors of a strong investment case ? losses can exceed deposit .
next week regn and @society4science announce 40 regeneronsts finalists . check out what 's in store for these young .
u.s. closing tesla death probe , wo n't seek recall : source tsla
stocks mostly lower as trump inauguration looms ; real estate lags djia spx ixic
marriott ceo discusses how trump 's win could affect the travel industry mar wef17
as inauguration looms , market participants eager to hear policy plans axp ge ibm twtr nflx uso vxx spy
us regulators expected to close tsla autopilot death investigation via @fortunemag
dissecting the economy @realdonaldtrump is inheriting spy
rt @seeitmarket : the smoothed arms index shows the pullback that has already started beneath the surface spy trin
spx breadth *quietly* 3:1 negative *but* the px action in tran ...
if samsung wants to compete with apple , it needs to start making headlines for the right reasons : .
as part of nhtsa investigation that cleared tsla autopilot , feds looked at dozens of tesla accidents where airbags were deployed .
tesla escapes recall in probe of death linked to autopilot tsla
although netflix ended 2016 on a high note we think investors should steer clear of the firm , here 's why : .
union pacific upside may be limited unp csx via @investopedia
spx to session lows , dow industrials negative for the year
uvxy spy ... something happening tomorrow or something ? what 's going on ? ? : )
alibaba wo n't be collecting a check from the ioc : baba
hbo is still hanging on to what worked in a previous era even as viewing habits have evolved ' .
flow gettin funky in tlt and gld before tomorrow 's bangarang .
bye-bye 20k ? dow industrial avg trading at a 6-week low , on track for its 5th straight loss . nvda lmt csx tsla
is your iphone more expensive because of a qualcomm monopoly ? qcom aapl aapl
uvxy still nervous
.. @hedgeye tgt has the least enviable competitive set in retail , stuck between wmt and amzn . it 's losing and it 's
algos know where that red iwm line is .
axp down half a percent after earnings miss earnings
despite amzn having stakes in content , cloud infrastructure , and more , @cfraresearch says online retail will alway
trump 's commerce secretary nominee explains how u.s. gets screwed in trade spy
this is exactly what fb did in months leading up to ipo
breaking : ibm revenues of 21.8b in the quarter mark the 20th consecutive quarter of revenue declines .
ibm revenue still declining , but effective tax rate for 2016 = 3.6 % i used to joke about them spinning off their tax unit ... .
95 years ago , a survey predicted the us would run out of oil by 1942 uso xom
rt @markarbeter : market spx tightly bound . has led to quick moves in both directions , but mostly lower . major bb constriction . spy
rt @filmprofessor9 : @ophirgottlieb same here , good report with swks after that disaster with foxcon last week . long aapl - bodes well i
rt @rklouie1 : ibm down 2 % after q4 results . ibm notched its 19th consecutive quarter of falling revenue , year on year
the apple tv is a mess and hardly the 'future of tv ' apple advertised aapl
wall street 's m & amp ; a chatter from january 19 alks mrk antm ci ddd ge teva prgo
apple , gm , boeing are china 's top hostages in a trump trade war aapl gm ba qcom sbux
ibm -- bears control the narrative-but how bad is it really ?
so ... fake news triggered a 23 % csx rally , a company with a 35-billion market cap .
mcdonald 's customers could soon taste the effect of higher minimum wages : mcd
downside pre-mkt : bmy , stml , hlf , ati , azn , rio , aig , axp , csx , uvxy , ge , ibm powered by
cool your jets , tesla investors @liamdenning via @bfly tsla
rt @barronsnext : sneaker competition is only going to get worse for nike . nke
no more twitter -- time for fb live for the president
trouble in @citi options trading land : bank pays record spoofing fine via @mattleising @dakincampbell c
analyst predicts 50 % crash for netflix but admits : it is likely that we will be wrong for a while - nflx
nflx with the marketing . seems like they needed a few extra months ... @beauwillimon
oh boy spy ... ... ... welcometrump
goldman cuts stock awards for execs by 5-6 % , but mum on blankfein 's haul . no filing , which suggest it 's 100 % performance-based . gs
rt @timothysykes : learn how to measure your risk tolerance do n't blow your hard-earned cash fb twtr
with a goal of producing model 3 vehicles at an annual rate of 500,000 , tesla will need more factory space :
amazon 's dash button goes online amzn
rt @timothysykes : 5 stock market misconceptions you need to avoid nothing worse than misinformation fb twtr
@cswadley are people still using it ? just noticing twitter removed the stupid moments button . they suck so bad . twtr
`` we broke the window at sbux ! '' - not the weather underground .
apple files 1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier qualcomm aapl qcom via @reuters
if you `` simplify it '' . this is where the spx spy is as of friday . and a basic plan for the week ahead .
rt @timothysykes : do you know what the biggest barrier to wealth is ? major food for thought fb twtr
interesting @ft piece today on last week 's gs protesters , with one worried about the `` financialization '' of the economy @ranaforoohar
qqq - qqq - no steam / spy , dia , iwm coiled up for a pop -
rt @businessinsider : us regulators are investigating why it took so long for yahoo to say it was hacked yhoo vz
us regulators are investigating why it took so long for yahoo to say it was hacked yhoo vz
what to watch : - dollar slump - samsung 's blame game - @mcdonalds earnings ssnlf mcd
yhoo faces probe over data breaches . spent 2yrs not closing vz deal or spinning off baba . but they 'll always dav
spx futs -3 as the world debates & amp ; has opinions on what the new presidency brings . as long as spx 2254-2257 holds . current trends continue
hal reports inline with the estimize eps consensus and misses the estimize revenue consensus by 56.46m -
breaking : halliburton hal q4 revenue , 4b vs. 4.09b expected
earnings from mcdonald 's , halliburton and yahoo on deck monday djia spx comp
min wage is one big reason mcd is selling to franchisees . easterbrook 's credibility w/ owners hangs on corp develo
watch these 8 huge call purchases in monday trade bby exel hygs mcd lyv zts mdlz viab
mcd up this am ( speaking of hidden symbolism ... ) . 1.41eps -1.4 % sss . watch tech rollout ... does n't seem ready
spx futures down 5-6 handles , here are some levels & amp ; thoughts to start the week .
mcdonald 's beats on top and bottom line , but u.s. same-store sales declined 1.3 % via @thestreet mcd
. @nike on list of companies at risk in a u.s.-china trade war via @markets nke
apple is suing qualcomm for 1 billion and that 's slamming its stock right now : qcom aapl
q & amp ; a with hedge fund expert don steinbrugge : rituals , role models and investing in cannabis dia msft qqq spy
these starbucks baristas are calling for paid sick days tobeapartner baristaproblems sbux
the not-so-mighty q . qcom down 12 % after aapl lawsuit . overreaction ? or legit excuse to bail on qualcomm ? thoughts ?
how do pink sheets stocks work ? read up before you risk your hard earned money fb twtr
international customers ca n't get enough of mcdonald 's . but sales are starting to fall in america . so is mcd stock .
u.s. sales slow at @mcdonalds as co laps all-day breakfast success but growth continues abroad . mcd
analyst cuts iphone estimates ahead of apple 's q1 report aapl
what happened to all-day b'fast ? mcdonald s us sales drop for 1st time in 6 quarters /via @globeandmail mcd
chowdhry : oracle is 'toast , ' layoffs in sparc business amzn msft orcl
how apple 's lawsuit threatens qualcomm 's business model via @levynews aapl qcom
nomura cuts qualcomm 3 months after upgrade nxpi qcom
for all of its talk about hiring , ibm has been shrinking its workforce .
fb lookin interesting ...
who cares about yahoo ! earnings -- these two issues will dominate yhoo
busiest week in us reporting season sees 105 spx cos release results . so far not so good . mcd , hal lower on profit & amp ; outlook letdowns
rt @fzucchi : not sure if corp bond issuance makes it to 10b tdy . but it 'll b close ; spreads are a bit wider across the board spx spy
does tidal 's deal with sprint leave apple eyeing pandora ? aapl p s
'the international downward cycle is still playing out ' hal
the number of americans asking for unemployment benefits recently fell to 234,000. the lowest in 43 years spy tlt
foxconn 's u.s. labor payroll could cost 3x as much as chinese equivalent aapl
yahoo earnings after the close . but is this last one before core yhoo sold to vz ? ( assuming deal goes through ? ) there is no call w/ mgmt .
mcdonald 's focus turns to tech as all-day breakfast enthusiasm evens out , us comp sales cool amid strong growth
vz yhoo the tx is now expected to close in q2 of 2017. the company is working expeditiously to close the transaction in q2 .
yahoo delays deal with verizon , says now expects transaction to close in q2 2017 ; had previously expected q1 2017 yhoo vz baba
yahoo ! reports eps 0.25 vs 0.21 est. , sales 1.469b vs 1.38b est . yhoo
shares of boeing ( ba ) , exxon ( xom ) , and ge ( ge ) all fell today after trump signed orders to pull out of the tpp
after 2nd yahoo hack dislosure , looks like yhoo users did n't fully rebound following normal holiday seasonality
yahoo says it 'll take longer than expected to close the verizon deal . yhoo shares up 1 % -- a sign of just how much doubt is out there .
ceo marissa mayer says yahoo it was a `` uniquely eventful past year for yahoo . '' no kidding . yhoo
amazon buying an after-market auto parts company is 'unlikely ' aap amzn azo orly
alibaba is driving shorts nuts baba noposition
sold my googl stock here . 848ish . will sit in calls for earnings thursday
rt @lamonicabuzz : yhoo said in earnings report that vz deal merely delayed to q2 . but vz gave no timeframe . still assessing `` impact of d
rt @mparekh : abundance of options : `` google has a messaging app problem . '' goog via @wsj
the market in 5 minutes : alibaba beats , verizon disappoints aapl aet hum baba lmt vz jnj yhoo watt fdml
@lawandloubs sbux i 've been in do n't have the backend to support 3 lines of incoming orders . baristas working at a foxconn sweatshop pace
@lawandloubs is there a whole separate line for you elites or does everyone not using the app have to suffer your youthful savvy ? sbux
rt @jenishinbollywo : verizon communications inc. misses on earnings , beats on revenue @valuewalk spy
how did apple 's stock perform the last time it was downgraded ? aapl
2017 returns ... short vol : +26 % long vol : -21 % xiv vxx
yes i must warn you about this again because i care ! fb twtr
aa misses the estimize eps consensus by 6c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 79.28m -
isrg misses the estimize eps consensus by 6c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 2.11m -
breaking : alcoa aa q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 0.14 vs. 0.19 expected
my new blog post : `` does e-commerce suck ? '' amzn
commodities : diversification or diworsification ? new post dbc spy agg
rt @katekelly : gs lifts restrictions on departing president gary cohn 's stock , enables him to cash out tens of millions in shares + get 6
ebay 's single life is more volatile : shares have swung at least 10 % in 4 of 5 earnings reports after paypal split
news outlets are abandoning facebook live , instant articles in droves - fb this could be a disaster for twtr
crm never got serious with data
sorry , ipo fans : cisco buys appdynamics two days before it was to go public csco
breaking : freeport-mcmoran fcx q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 0.25 vs. 0.33 expected
trump 's top economic adviser is walking away from @goldmansachs with a 100m+ payout : gs via @jethromullen
lets talk to chuck robbins about csco 's bid for appdynamics
indie bookstores are booming because some people want that personal touch - and some boycott amazon amzn
is it time to short this tech giant ahead of earnings ? qcom qualcomm
apple shares are doing something very unusual aapl
if u want 2 see why retail is out of the market -look at the chart . everyone has been calling crashes since 2012
breaking : las vegas sands lvs q4 revenue , 3.08b vs. 3.11b expected
breaking : las vegas sands lvs q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 0.58 vs. 0.66 expected
breaking : qualcomm qcom q1 revenue , 5.99b vs. 6.12b expected
rt @sdut : apple expands legal war against qualcomm 's cellular patents into china . qcom
lvs misses the estimize eps consensus by 5c and the estimize revenue consensus by 71.78m -
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : qualcomm q1 eps 1.19 vs. 1.18 est . ; q1 revs . 5.99b vs. 6.12b est . qcom
qualcomm reports q1 adj . eps 1.19 vs 1.18 est. , sales 5.99b vs 6.12b est . qcom
ffiv reports inline with the estimize eps consensus and misses the estimize revenue consensus by 3.01m -
@sharatibken @qualcomm @apple yeah this qcom call is all about technology leadership , patents and disagreeing with apple 's assertions .
united tech the latest dow member whose earnings report is n't wrong , but just is n't quite right
google has banned 200 publishers since it passed a new policy against fake news via @recode - googl
ebay misses the estimize eps consensus by 1c and the estimize revenue consensus by 24.80m -
microsoft earnings : expect a bigger shift to the cloud . msft reports tomorrow :
rt @anshelsag : i do n't think i have ever heard such a rebuke as i did listening to this @qualcomm earnings call qcom
rt @anshelsag : @sharatibken @qualcomm @apple yeah this qcom call is all about technology leadership , patents and disagreeing with apple 's
rt @cnntech : . @americanair is eliminating in-seat screens on new jets aal
bac a short put with edge if we avoid earnings cmlviztm
sucking up to big oil tillerson , @elonmusk admits : tsla just one of the many car companies
@navelhunt does the market ultimately reward deals vs buybacks ? vs gild nvs etc . agree , jnj atln makes no sense on valuation basis
no joke : las vegas sands missed earnings estimates in part because of one gamblers excessive luck @jackycwong lvs
this is the one wall street benchmark starbucks badly wants you to forget about sbux
right now cnbc cat b'berg cat abc trump cbs trump fox trump fox biz trump msnbc trump nbc weather news ?
rt @marcomnyc : @ajinsight twtr has all the news yet the company still ca n't capitalize . they should sell pre-made follow lists..boom !
gilead defends hepatitis c treatments on reports of side effects gild
my blog post : `` does e-commerce suck ? '' ecommerce omnichannel amzn
yourmoney : peoria-based @caterpillarinc cat on reports a loss of 1.17 billion in 4th quarter
caterpillar december sales : not so much 'good ' as they are 'less-bad ' cat
downside pre-mkt : mat , agi mck , kold , eurn , has , whr , ul , lvs , pot , qcom powered by
investors certainly will have their questions when alphabet reports earnings after the bell today :
apple vs qualcomm is rapidly deteriorating into a brawl and , potentially , a war , says bernstein analyst stacy rasgon aapl qcom
i wrote this one last time cat warned on profit and stock rose , not today
ffiv intraday bear flag setup
sorry , @starbucks . uber has become the new bff of business travelers sbux
on my blog ... 'if you are heading to a career with the word hedge ... .run ' ... spy
trump 's policies have nike facing one of its biggest threats in history - nke
cat profit warning trims dow a bit . caterpillar says strong cuts 500m from fy rev outlook , & amp ; 5 % fr wall st 's 3.04 est
@pateltexas that scares me ... pcln w earnings really does . how does it look ex-earnings cmlviztm
rt @smileyborg : someone just cashed in their aapl rsus
mms murdering the chasers today , rewarding the spread sellers spy
whole foods is closing their remaining three kitchens : wfm
google 's parent alphabet reports earnings after the bell today , what concerns should googl address ?
a 15-year employee of @wholefoods says she was unfairly terminated from her job wfm reinstatejulia
rt @thebubblebubble : 20t in gov't debt means no lifeline for caterpillar`s declining revenues : @econmatters cat h
rt @chitribbiz : cat s earnings fall short ; inventory of used equipment continues to hamper sales
why the tesla model 3 may not debut this year tsla
shares of qualcomm were slumping because its main customer 'clearly hates ' the chipmaker : qcom aapl
5 huge mistakes i 've made that have cost me millions learn from when you really screw up lol fb twtr
my 1st explanation ( december 2001 ) of the continuation gap reversal trade unfolding in gld this week :
eschew obfuscation ! ! earnings releases are still a confusing mess say @linnaneciara @tomikilgore @retheauditors
donald trump is using a private gmail account to secure the most powerful twitter account in the world googl twtr
are @nintendoamerica shares still plagued by overdone bull run in 2016 ? msft ntdoy sne
the alphabet bear : wedbush 's james dix has the only `` sell '' on the street . he explains ahead of googl earnings & gt ; & gt ;
with comparable sales falling over the past 5 consecutive quarters , whole foods could be the next m & amp ; a target :
rt @mcwm : i just made a vaguely comical goog chart
@yusifsdk do n't trust the financials . proxy on china . we dont own it directly but we own iemg baba
i just made a vaguely comical goog chart
here 's why wall street analysts hate rating stocks with a 'sell ' rating coh spy
nice of them to not specifically say , `` do n't buy off stubhub , we hate those guys . '' ebay
bullpen capital 's davidson : more m & amp ; a , fewer ipos . csco buying unicorn appdynamics for example . appdynamics canceled ipo , sold instead .
analyst : apple 's sheer size makes it almost impossible to demonstrate 'explosive ' growth aapl
sorry dummy this is twtr all over again dummy : everyone is talking because of the changes i laid out yesterday
is mattel 's q4 miss the end of this toy story ? goog mat
coming up : debating the dow stocks - v vs. axp - xom vs. cvx - ko bull vs. bear
i will live-blog the alphabet earnings report and call with @jbooton . join us here for all the news from goog :
welcome to hell day for tech earnings season . on the docket : alphabet goog googl microsoft msft intel intc paypal pypl previews below .
selling half my qqq puts . when unsure , trade in-between .
a lot of things have been misunderstood about my time at yhoo @marissamayer gsbvftt
rt @gscareers : members of gs disability interest forum join @birchfamilyserv at the @nyse opening bell
rt @cnbc : earnings : alphabet q4 eps 9.36 adj . vs. 9.64 est . ; q4 revs . 26.06b vs. 25.26b est . googl
earnings : alphabet q4 eps 9.36 adj . vs. 9.64 est . ; q4 revs . 26.06b vs. 25.26b est . googl
rt @selerity : breaking : alphabet googl q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 9.36 vs. 9.64 expected
earnings : starbucks q1 eps 0.52 adj . vs. 0.52 est . ; q1 revs . 5.732b vs. 5.85b est . sbux
our alphabet earnings blog is now live , check it out for real time analysis & amp ; commentary googl
paypal down 2.1 percent to 40.75 in extended trading on eps miss pypl
just in : starbucks reports smaller-than-expected rise in quarterly sales sbux
rt @stocktwits : google dropped nearly 4 % in just seconds . here 's how it traded right after earnings . googl :
google dropped nearly 4 % in just seconds . here 's how it traded right after earnings . googl :
paypal ( although i always want to type paypaul ) numbers in line across board . pypl flat after hours . no big rally like former sibling ebay
msft saw + 900 ( seq ) in its prior q , so a slight acceleration of growth in dollar terms , not impressive in % terms
alphabet falls after missing q4 estimates goog googl
looks like a change in google approach to taxes for stock-based compensation cost it an earnings miss . goog googl
msft flat after hours , goog off just over 2.5 % . the goog change matters , but is n't material enough to cause op changes i guess .
alphabet cfo porat describes the co s scrutiny of moonshots : `` careful stewardship over amounts and pace of investment '' goog
analysts grilling googl execs on youtube , ai and hardware . getting little by way of specifics . q4 results mixed :
starbucks sbux cut future revenue forecasts , said `` environment is challenging '' shares down 3.7 % in after hours tra
@mikeisaac if you calculate what 's possible if/when someone hacks his twitter account and starts ww3 maybe wall street
white house chief of staff now says 20 % import tax just 1 of a `` buffet of options '' to pay for the wall wmt aapl
shoutout to fabric ... but no mention of twitter : ( goog
the msft call is live ( -- rumor has it that @fxshaw will sing a pirate tune after questions .
interesting how analysts appear obsessed with the topic of @youtube on goog s q4 2016 earnings call
`` lumpy '' -- msft drink . also did the call just die ?
is silicon valley the new frontier in journalism ? fb gci nyt crm mediaunderattack
facebook is going to push longer videos into your news feed fb
well , i have no idea what the acronyms just used on the msft call mean time for a nap
false precision stocks spx
so , on the msft earnings calls , background noise just interrupted satya . : no mouth emoji :
starbucks cuts 2017 revenue targets as q1 u.s. comps disappoint : sbux dnkn
who cares : boeing , aapl , tsla , the american farmer , all huge exporters . sell their stock
spx futures flattish as yesterday 's inside day held the weekly gains . holding 2288-2294 keeps upper momentum for the measured move of 2325
iphone toppled from no . 1 spot in china for the first time in five years making apple vulnerable aapl
alphabet 's shares plunge after earnings miss . googl earnings
twtr exposure money ca n't buy and the company ca n't monetize .
@simonkingfw what do you mean ? you are saying gild should have bought pcyc ? i do n't think so ... that deal might not be profitable .
peek into the markets : stock futures mostly flat ; alphabet shares drop on earnings miss spy aal googl intc msft
gary cohn walking away from goldman sachs with 285m is causing unease among ethics experts : gs via @mattmegan5
same-store sales continue to shake starbucks investors : sbux
paypal 's q4 earnings , fy 2017 guidance 'strangely boring ' pypl
mnkd `` call to discuss company developments '' . that sounds mysterious
itakemycoffeewith absolutely nothing . black . but starbucks needs more people to take its coffee . sbux down 4 % premarket after earnings .
nov 2015 - `` carl icahn exits ebay stake , opts for paypal after spinoff `` ebay pypl bad move , carlos .
apple strategy in 'smart home ' race threatened by amazon aapl
gdphriday trump declares war ( trade ) on mexico ! spy cvx nafta q4gdp tariffdontlikeit --
benzinga 's top upgrades , downgrades for january 27 achc f ath intc cat wynn jblu whr cmcsa clvs tpc rci
markets off to sluggish start amid slew of earnings reports , economic data cvx goog hon intc msft sbux spy
rt @hedgeyehwp : after 2 years of beating sss estimates , sbux has missed 3 of the last 4 quarters and will miss next q too . i call this a t
registering the risks of alibaba 's tremendous growth baba amzn mgi
popularity could be one of starbucks ' biggest problems . crowded cafes could be discouraging customers : sbux
rt @capitalobserver : retail stocks being kicked while they are down m wmt tgt bbby
alphabet 's mysterious cost of goods expense cost it a q4 earnings beat goog googl
paypal 's q4 : an analyst 's likes and dislikes pypl amzn
pershing square defends valeant 's progress , ca n't defend its stock performance vrx
rt @yahoofinance : starbucks says 'congestion ' in stores crimped sales sbux
bofa economists : free trade is n't necessarily free bac trump mexicowall nafta china wto
rising interest rates are a win for savers , right ? not exactly . charobs wfc bac
rt @melissaleecnbc : trump 's trade advisor navarro on @powerlunch called c report `` fake '' & amp ; said c & amp ; gs have no credibility
tesla explains canceled order with german supplier shw tsla
alphabet 's q4 fails to excite , but long-term view remains largely unchanged goog googl
spy below friday 's low 228.76 & amp ; the gap pivot at 228.50ish . need to see if pivots get `` reclaimed '' or do sellers have a bit more power .
this is why i am long spy puts -- & gt ; policy error -- & gt ; near record low vol ( vix ) -- & gt ; valuation at 19x
call of the day via @slangwise : it is simply not possible for apple to spike up post-earnings aapl
sbux hopefully the 10k refugees are experts in throughput , otherwise they 're going end up getting laid off ...
spy 8day is 227.62 we 'll see if can reclaim 228.51 or if sellers keep it below
fit support at 0 . will probably bounce prior to that
fitbit taking 68 mln write off inventory & amp ; equipment , 37 mln rebates , 41 mln return reserve , 17 mln warranty reserve fit kitchensink
breaking : fitbit to cut 110 jobs in reorganization & amp ; sees q4 revenue below previous estimates ; fit down nearly 20 %
there 's a record number of speculators betting against the vix right now . a must-see : vix spy
mobile growth may have hurt starbucks in q4 sbux
goldman ceo to staff : 'this is not a policy we support ' gs
goldman 's blankfein reacts to trump immigration ban : 'being diverse is not optional ' gs
starbucks ' ceo 's strong stance on the immigration ban has led to very conflicting social media responses :
the market in 5 minutes : walgreens-rite aid , personal income , trump 's executive order spy bah rad dis dht ntap
nice one , goog : google home page showing anti-japanese wwii internment lawyer fred korematsu
citigroup plans to exit u.s. mortgage servicing operations by 2018 . c
. @goldmansachs ceo fired off voicemail saying he does n't support trump travel ban & amp ; warning of 'disruption ' gs
@otis_reid if you `` manufacture '' goog and amzn and currency for ecuador and el salvador to use , you do n't have to manufacture real stuff .
spy looks more like an island top . iwm failed at the 50day . and names lik googl that broke out and failed friday at 861 needs time
a number of tech ceos are speaking out against trump 's immigration restrictions . googl fb msft aapl amzn down today , nasdaq down 1.2 %
in the near term , further upside for tesla is possible , but it may be very limited : tsla
rt @marcmakingsense : spy gapped lower , leaving a 3-day island top ; a bearish sign unless the gap is filled . 2273.8 is 61.8 % retracement of
trump travel ban highlights risk to corporate supporters and opponents ; boycotts hit uber , starbucks sbux spy
but fitbit is all the rage -- why u no buy their stock ? ( heavy sarcasm ) fit
emotion is the enemy when trading . and it 's tough to be unemotional given what 's happening to our country . know thyself . spx ndx
spx breadth almost 5:1 negative . tran rut bkx under-performing the *reaction* to this supply will speak volumes ; define your risk pls .
trump immigration policy confusion badly timed ( to say the least ) from spx chart perspective stocks dj
do n't expect @apple 's q1 results to have the same wow factor as years past aapl
airlines stocks skid after travel weekend affected by immigration order aal luv
appeals court denies full hearing in data surveillance case msft
lol , obviously he does n't know that apple would go in and buy up as much of its own stock as it needs to keep that
aapl stock was historically driven higher by innovation but not anymore
fitbit is cutting 6 % of its workforce after poor holiday sales numbers fit
trump immigration ban sinks delta , american , united dal ual aal luv jblu
facebook 's q4 : conference call tone matters more than results fb
rt @lamonicabuzz : airlines shellacked . trump travel ban + delta glitch . jets etf down 2.5 % . dal ual aal hit particularly hard . overreac
ual aal dal all getting dinged today .
rt @johnnerkell : there is a boycottstarbucks brewing after @starbucks pledges to hire 10,000 refugees . sbux
in immigration debate , middle east trumps russia sbux emergingmarkets rsx gulf ksa tur muslim @barronsonline
intel ceo on trump travel ban : 'this is not a policy we can support ' intc
brussels fires warning at facebook over fakenews fb
mkt sell off on trump immigration ban - vix pops , hyg & amp ; crm unusual activity @jonnajarian
lol fit , just sad now , honestly who was on the other side of this trade thinking people were n't throwing those things in the drawer
facebook is trying everything to re-enter china and it s not working - wsj fb
fitbit cost cutting needs to be backed by sharp strategy or it 's the m & amp ; a mill for this former hardware standout fit
today s stocks losers : dal , fit , sne
exxon s trump bump is running out of gas xom
wsj : facebook is trying everything to get back into china `` and it 's not working '' fb
short sellers were n't surprised by fitbit warning fit
overnight squeeze in bonds/notes as s & amp ; p futs struggle to find a bid zn_f zb_f tlt tbt spy
rt @donnayoungdc : business backlash to trump 's travel ban pharma biotech science travelban mrk agn
under armour is under siege . sales and earnings miss . cfo leaving . ua and uaa stock down nearly 20 % premarket . nke down 2 % as well .
big miss for exxon xom
united parcel service misses holiday-quarter forecasts , guides 2017 low ups fdx amzn
under armour earnings unexpectedly fall , sales growth worst in years , cfo exits ; stock dives
fit struggles continue , but the company may still have potential
exxonmobil sales miss . but xom not doing much premarket . guess the news could 've been worse for secstate nominee tillerson , huh ? sarcasm
valeant pharma at a 7-year low . total return over the past 10 years : -11 % . vrx
exxon rarely takes a quarterly charge , but just wrote down 2 bln in natgas assets . harbinger of things to come under new ceo woods ? xom
fitbit hits an all-time low , down 70 % since it began trading in june 2015 . fit
exxon mobil 's quarterly profit drops 40 percent to 1.68 billion due to write-down of u.s. natural gas assets xom oott oil natgas
yuge miss on exxonmobil 41c per share vs 70 estimate xom oil energy
rt @davidgzeiler : apple stock will probably fall after earnings today . but that will be a great aapl buying opportunity .
. @amazon and @expedia have joined a legal challenge to president trump 's travel ban amzn
drop in googl goog stock must be market fear that @realdonaldtrump will punish based on @google exec comments fearisnotastrategy iamlong
exxonmobil 's oil-equivalent production fell slightly to 4.1 million oil-equivalent barrels per day : xom
celg 's bob hugin sitting to trump 's left - not current ceo mark alles
fdx gap started at 50 % retrace . thats always a warnings sign , hence deeper pullback target . `` the hard right edge '' .
make tuesdays turn around again . spx
see how spy handles yesterday 's low of 226.41 . iwm low 133.24 .
i do n't expect fdx to get above opening print so id like to sell 189.50 ish .
exxon mobil is dodging questions about its investment plan for 2017 , in favor of presenting at analyst summit at nyse in march . xom
does msft expect the foreign cash repatriation holiday to not occur ?
if history repeats itself , february will see a market decline spx spy
how does ubs analyst milunovich build policy impact into aapl model ? `` with great difficulty . ''
ignore exxon earnings , xom has other problems
. @jimcramer -- 'facebook 's stock has run , and any stock that has run is vulnerable : ' fb
folks boycotting starbux may also need to stop brushing teeth , watching tv or getting fake news , given pg , nflx & amp ; fb comments about trump
fed , concon , & amp ; case-shiller . turnaround tues. discussed : uaa , drys , dltr , dg , xom , hog investools
depressed oil prices are keeping the heat on @exxonmobil xom
tue not going well so far for us earnings . ups -7.5 % after weak results/outlook , nke rival underarmour -7 % on gloomy fcasts dj
delta cancellations vs. trump protests : which caused more of a headache ? dal iyt luv trumpprotest deltaoutage
one could argue the tape trades great given the 'constitutional crisis . ' respect -- but do n't defer to -- the price action . spx ndx
could us lose its 'rule of law ' premium ? smart @marketplace convo with @reformedbroker @davidbrancaccio spy
why is change needed here ? because if you want success you must always adapt , refine , refine , refine fb twtr
pre earnings straddles aapl & amp ; fb , uaa calls active , bulls in crm @angiemiles
have exxon investors become 'fatigued ? ' its shares were down over 1 % in the early afternoon : xom
trump-tech honeymoon over as alphabet , netflix invited to join travel-ban suit googl aapl
aapl earnings today which is cool , and amd , which is not nearly as cool . and ea but meh . tomorrow is fb and mtch ( tinder ) . also cool .
twtr now up nearly 4.5 % . is twitter the 21st century trump equivalent of the 20th century kremlin 's pravda ? sarcasm
jack ma not making it easy for western union as shares slide : baba wu
fitbit 's smartwatch emphasis might not pan out well . fit
the romance between president trump and investors could be fading dia spy vxx
rt @elanazak : the whole world is paying attention to tweets now . so why ca n't twitter make any money ? twtr
the whole world is paying attention to tweets now . so why ca n't twitter make any money ? twtr
the options market is n't expect any fireworks from apple aapl
moment of truth : this trader bets it all on apple getting crushed after earnings aapl via @slangwise
rt @davidgzeiler : aapl will fall on ho-hum earnings . and give buyers a great chance to get in before this happens :
looks like guidance is a little light for electronic arts . ea down 2 % after hours .
rt @callieabost : spx just posted its least volatile january in at least 55 years . avg high-low intraday range of 0.55 % , smallest since at
how facebook is trying to fight fake news in your news feed fb
infographic : in 2016 , gs employees across 21 countries participated in communityteamworks :
the man who says he 's lost 2.5 million trying to day trade is live and wearing a wolf mask : aapl
rt @misleadme : one thing you wo n't hear on the aapl call today : `` people loved our innovation in killing off the headphone jack . ''
rt @mbearresearch : that moment every three months when aapl fanboys get the latest quarterly result ... 14 minutes from now .
rt @andreascseh : apple iphone7 sales fell 21 % while oppo increased its sales by 109 % in china airpods aapl @pr
a shkreli reference ... dying . wolf mask aapl earnings
irony : i 'm the only person who likes the ipad pro and i 'm maimed like johnny tremain ... gik aapl
rt @topsteptrader : aapl 1q iphone asp 694.57 , est . 688
gale sacks ceo amidst escalating criminal probe into fentanyl drug marketing & gt ;
ignore exxon earnings , xom has other problems
as prices recover , big oil descends on west texas permianbasin shale @ernestscheyder oott xom oxy uso wti
paul gallant : `` we continue to believe the ec will issue an antitrust ruling against googl -- likely in the next few months ''
apple is considering legal action against trump 's immigration ban and matching employee donations aapl
trader tries to short apple earnings , pukes up life savings aapl twtr thefinalyolo
rt @saraheneedleman : ea said sales of battlefield 1 exceeded expectations , while titanfall 2 '' sales fell short of projections . ea
apple 's renaissance in china is key for the iphone 8 success but it faces a tough road ahead aapl
i trimmed some of my spy and ibb . not adding here into this strength . yesterday was the time to scoop it up long .
here 's how much it costs an airliner to cancel a flight aal dal ual deltaoutage
rt @arjunkharpal : apple 's renaissance in china is key for the iphone 8 success but it faces a tough road ahead aapl
i 've written about steve jobs 's family halving its disney stake . aapl dis @barronsonline
aapl `` trade idea 2 : buy feb 3 expiry 120/117/114 put butterfly for 0.50 . '' this is a bust , can try to get something for 120/117 at the open
looks like a bit of starter flow rotating back into financials here.. iwm bac
instagram is ruining snapchat 's story fb by @biintelligence
fred smith : @fedex using almost 100 % more tires to produce same mileage [ vs 20 yrs ago ] . why : so many potholes ... tearing up tires faster fdx
facebook has one long-term concern that you need to know about fb
how trump 's immigration policies could impact the future of apple aapl
rt @nanexllc : gdx went right to the luld circuit breaker . grama entered in more shares than she wanted .
why the case for a border adjustment tax relies on a questionable assumption dow intc kr intc mcd vz uup wfc
rt @seeitmarket : welcome to february . the 'weak link ' in the best 6 months of the year spx
rt @mcwm : the market does not seem to mind this 500 million penalty against fb tho
what tim cook does and does n't say about the iphone and other apple products . aapl
fb is reporting earnings in just a few , we 'll see if zuck comments on this in the earnings call
we 'll just leave this little joke right here fb
analysts thought fb revenue growth would slow . it did , but not nearly as much as wall street expected
rt @scottbudman : update : facebook loses its vr case , has to pay 500 million in damages . fb
not the outcome most were expecting fb
facebook loses 500 million virtual reality headset verdict via @technology fb
fb i think fb could end down tomorrow depending on call . future is n't really as clear as it used to be . hope it stays hot for longs .
ex-twitter ceo dick costolo apologizes for letting twitter become a haven of abuse twtr
in other words : 500m , even if the verdict stands , it is n't a big deal for cash-rich fb
bad week for peoria cat
fb rally now under the 1.75 % mark .
. @jbooton and i are breaking down numbers from this ridiculous facebook earnings report in a live blog . join us !
boycottstarbucks may be the biggest boycott of a public co. in 5 years . but will it actually hurt the company ? sbux
do apple suppliers fall far from the tree ? aapl crus oled swks tsm
as i said ... i do n't think fb has a clear future growth path for a 350b market cap .
rt @sarahfrier : zuckerberg says entering china is part of the long-term plan , but there 's no news at all in the short term . fb
in q4 , political spending in the us was n't a top 10 vertical for facebook , sandberg says . `` no one event is that big for our business . '' fb
quote of the century ... sheryl sandberg : ' 500 million judgement in not material to our business ' fb
this analyst questions apple s china revenue claims via @barronsasia aapl
here 's that bigger picture spx few which shows different trends and why active traders are cautious up here . spy
quick spy visual from yesterday with language . i 'll update after mc- some say it was a rdr sell signal at 228.20
spy below yesterday 's low of 226.94 ( see if it stays below or gets reclaimed ) . tuesday 's key support spot is 226.30ish . stay on ur toes
spx futures -8. that island top from monday/ hairline fracture will try & amp ; break the accelerated trend . 2267-2270 is key area
good morning . mostly red arrows around the world . europe , the dax-.3 % cac-.07 % . in asia , the nikkei-1.2 % china closed . spx futures -8
fb boilerplate language can and will be used against it , again !
rt @howardlindzon : quote of the century ... sheryl sandberg : ' 500 million judgement in not material to our business ' fb
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures drop ahead of earnings , economic data spy uso aa fb pm mjn amzn
goog cloud exec is leaving the company
despite impressive growth - closing in on 2b users - @facebook stock is n't getting much of a post-earnings pop : fb
this is the peak for facebook : chowdhry fb
lmao @wallstjesus spots the strangest action vrx - zero to hero play ? or maybe some cheeeeap protection on an equi
microsoft takes issue with trump 's executive order on immigration . read letter from msft chief legal officer here .
warning : apple could dive over 40 % by early 2018 aapl
editors picks @reuterstv - isis flees its luxe hotel ; tillerson steps in ; and the latest amzn air force plans .
amazon options traders are pricing for a much smaller-than-usual stock price move , as @tomikilgore explains amzn
swks next aapl ecosystem domino to fall ? crus
on facebook 's quarter , @cnet 's @benfoxrubin warns that the platform is running out of ad space , so revenue growth m
uber to suspend service in taiwan , and microsoft asks for exception on trump eo . watch : cheddarlive golive msft
facebook 's soon-to-be conflict : netflix 's ceo is a board member fb nflx
2x value tweet : dr ruth to morning sex , amazon misses earnings a lot . amzn
rt @maxnisen : ahahahaha millennials bought a bunch of vrx last year
ahahahaha millennials bought a bunch of vrx last year
should investors fear new 52 week lows ? stocks spx
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : amazon q4 eps 1.54 vs. 1.35 est . ; q4 revs . 43.74b vs. 44.68b est . amzn
whoa . amazon misses on revenue . but beats on eps : amzn
amzn not enough to break highs .
breaking : amazon amzn q4 revenue , 43.74b vs. 44.68b expected
every twitter takeover rumor of 2016. there were a lot . twtr
rt @marketwatch : amazon earnings just hit . dive in over at our live blog : amzn
i was wrong . not a blow out quarter for amzn . options will be a 0- there 's some support 780ish . if it gets there
rt @cnbcclosingbell : amzn down 3.4 % after hours
rt @lamonicabuzz : amazon beat on earnings but missed on sales . guidance looks a little light as well . amzn down 3 % after hours .
more : amzn sales rose to 43.74 billion in the fourth quarter , below analysts ' expectations of 44.68 billion
amazon 's sales increase falls short of analyst expectations , but profit jumps 55 % amzn
amzn down 4 percent after-hours , currently third-largest decliner on s & amp ; p 1500 post market .
amzn at-the-money 840 weekly straddle 41.35 into the close , a move of 4.9 % . drop is 9 less than the options priced in
twitter -9 % in pre-market twtr
twtr q4 revenue misses estimates . 717m versus 740m expected . stock down more than 6 percent .
for @twitter the platform , the trump effect is more like a @realdonaldtrump curse on twtr
twitter reports q4 adj . eps 0.16 vs 0.12 est. , sales 717m vs 740m est . ; stock falls 10 % twtr
twtr down nearly six percent on report of missed revenue expectations . ruh roh
twtr getting oakley 'd after earnings . if the election quarter was n't meaningful for key metrics , nothing will be .
twitter twtr shares tumble 8.6 % in premarket trading , despite 2 million new users . live prices :
i 've spent nearly entire subway ride looking at twitter & amp ; tweeting about twitter 's inability to grow sales/users at faster clip . meta twtr
rt @msabalakrishnan : collective oof in the office : twtr crates after ugly revenue miss , shockingly weak guidance , by @berkeleyjr
ballmer ( one of top twtr shareholders ) says when he talks to @jack , convo goes something like this `` more , more innovation ... move move move ''
`` it might have felt like we weren t changing much over the last year . '' - @jack twtr
twitter 's ad revenue declined yoy for the first time since its ipo . also saw the slowest quarterly revenue growth since that time . twtr
on twitter : advertisers pulling back spending lead to revenue drop says atlantic but user engagement grows twtr
shares in twitter down 10 per cent in pre-market trading , as it missed already conservative revenue expectations . twtr
twitter posts flat u.s. monthly active user growth , despite election focus twtr
regn wins the contest for longest safe harbor statement
twitter also warns of a more competitive environment for branded advertising since mid-jan. is that because of instagram stories ? twtr
twitter 's revenue growth falls to 1 % , slowest in the company 's history . twtr
twitter outlook a few characters short , and coke 's forecast fizzles - today 's stocks to watch : twtr ko
@cartermansbach everyone is always `` encouraged by the metrics '' ... but bottom line when you are a public companies is revenues . fix it twtr
analyst makes fairly savage snow joke about eylea guidance on regn call . also , company wo n't be doing single product guidance in the future
added a little more twtr pre market in this plunge . the whole company could be managed by 8 robots and three comedians . trust me .
thrilling thursday - shorting oil at 53 - again uso tza ung sqqq twtr --
rt @claireatki : twtr down 9 percent in pre-market . yikes ! bring back @adambain
regn ceo calls out `` constant price increases '' and `` tone deafness '' in tnf drug class . abbv jnj amgn
not surprised twtr shares are dropping . rich content but content ai n't for sale . ca n't get ad revenue on a site businesses do n't run ads
rt @kchaykowski : twtr shares fall 9 % in pre-market trading on 4q revenue that misses estimates . 1q earnings forecast is also weak .
the early bird did not catch the worm . twitter stock still diving after reporting fourth-quarter earnings . twtr
tsla starting to flag intraday
yes , twtr 's desire to protect pearl-clutching sjws is virtuous & amp ; noble ( rolls eyes ) , but how about some dividends for us `` evil '' investors .
twtr stock is down to new lows , here is how as its new ceo i would make it profitable .
regn joins long list of drug cos receiving subpoenas from mass . doj office re : patient assistance programs
yeah , lots of bears on fb..
the run in nvda is over for a while
rt @hedgeyeinternet : yelp : shifting other revenue in local advertising ? really ? how many times is mgmt going to shuffle around segments to
nvidia reports q4 adj . eps 1.13 may not compare to 0.83 est. , sales 2.17b vs 2.11b est . nvda
rt @ericjhonsa : as twtr 's ad sales flatline , it 's hard to overlook the impact talent losses seem to be having on execution .
not good enough nvda
with no turnaround imminent , loop capital downgrades twitter twtr
not one soul talking about russell flag breakout.. one reason iwm now a dst pick .
an admitted apple bear just suddenly turned bullish aapl
`` you ca n't be stubborn when you 're an investor . then you may not make any money , & amp ; you may lost a lot '' aapl
rt @chipcorley : how markets have fared a week , month , 3 & amp ; 6 months after first inauguration . @factset spy dia
amazon : finally getting competition fdx amzn
why is n't this facebook story about inflated metrics a bigger deal ? we 're discussing here : cheddarlive fb
@alex still worth more than twtr .
rt @gilliantan : amex investors might want to hold the applause via @bfly axp
today s stocks losers : tcon , clf , yelp
twtr should just go non profit and private . pay the bills keep the lights on and screw wall st .
maryann keller : tsla numm iocation toxic for carmaking
cisco wo n't reimburse partners who send out engineers to proactively replace devices csco knows will fail .
tim arcuri : aapl supply chain sales fell 18 % m/m in january , 500bps below seasonal
downside pre-mkt : hain , uvxy , lnce , inov , s , ung , zts , tlys , viix , tmus , ag , trv , vixy powered by
plug , the market 's biggest pos now that aria is gone .
is @reformedbroker the most ridiculous sbux order of all time ? @halftimereport
i ca n't believe a legit pharma bought zeltiq and it 's `` a kinda-doctor will freeze your fat off ! '' biz . zltq agn
will today be another low-volume squeeze ? djia
nvda at fridays lows watching for a refade
rt @humblestudent : a blow-off top , or a wimpy top ? spx spy much depends on the new federalreserve governors
rt @wallstjesus : some early bulls & gt ; & gt ; yum aapl vale crm cien luv twtr qcom
rt @hedgiemark : hired the attorney . tsla mx lemon law . 150k + 300k in civil damages . 35 repair days . had the car for 7 months . slam dunk
when you were n't lookin ' they just sat sat sat on nvda
twitter has become wall street s bad joke twtr
nope . got all out of tsla last week . missed today 's move . happens
i 've got your 'dewie boot-on ' purse on backorder from china . baba
rt @echasan : in sustainability @bloombergbrief : fb googl face shareholder proposal on fakenews ; sovereign greenbonds ; esg
agn is spending a lot of time and effort to collect a very odd basket of assets .
bullish flow continues into bac ; sweepers gon na be long till they 're wrong on this one @wallstjesus
@riskreversal answers @pinerguard53 s question about csco
daniel loeb 's third point capital dumps allergan , adds big banks agn jpm bac gs
relatively light size as we head into the top of the hour qcom x ge twtr yum bac
amazon says may face penalties for running afoul of iran sanctions amzn
celg tries again ... ( lol ) - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
nflx and hubs are rude ( via @1mstockgame )
how fed governor tarullo stepping down changes the balance of hawks and doves on the fomc bbt ge spy
c playing some catch up
intel 's 'threat landscape dashboard ' tells you today 's worst digital threats intc
@alex @1mstockgame i 'm so close . dammit . stupid twtr is killing me i ca n't believe i own it in the game .
tesla unionizer returns fire after elon musk 'trashes ' him - bloomberg tsla labor
is it game over for media publishers ' 2-year run ? atvi ea ttwo
the metal that failed economics jjc spx copper
indystar : dad blames tsla auto for daughter 's death via @detroitnews
much less 'fire tim cook ' in my stream these days ... why i sold a few shares over the last week aapl
spx - [ nzdusd ] bullish scalping -
either the dozen or so tsla critics in my timeline are waaaaay wrong or wall st is going down with elon musk
should equity investors fear rising rates ? spx stocks
the 160bn failed merger btwn agn & amp ; pfe in 2016 was the largest m & amp ; a break-up ever . it pushed failed m & amp ; a to an 8-y
@zerofiltertruth i hate this company . jack is the worst ceo in america and he is killing the service . sell the stock . twtr
the mattel is selling toys on alibaba 's tmall rally was short lived . mat now down 1 % . baba down too . but mattel rival has up slightly .
rt @seeitmarket : smh sharply rejecting yesterday 's all time highs leader nvda has been lagging . momentum divergence has built up
the buy high/sell low conundrum : @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
that 's the pivot it failed at nflx . the visual .
aapl fire tim cook . free apple .
this is not a buy pattern . aapl
spx500 - spx - do n't fight the trump -
. @jason_kint we struggle with : can longer form video on fb monetize as well as legacy news feed ? -- consumers do n't like interruptions
. @adamlashinsky says apple is rarely first in terms of smartphone form factor , waiting for competitors to innovate .
in the era of 'fake news , ' fake filings can impact stocks cmg mcd avp bac fit
rt @jcmccracken : gs gives 100 bankers or so a `` goose egg '' for their bonus . ouch .
gs gives 100 bankers or so a `` goose egg '' for their bonus . ouch .
@realdonaldtrump why use gs as your employment agency ? inquiring minds wan na know !
apple 's cfo explained why its research and development costs increased to 2.8 billion aapl
bank of america misses a big options payday , goldman cashes in ... gs bac
permabears hit rock bottom as stocks notch new record highs . s & amp ; p 500 ( 2337 ) spy nasdaq ( 5782 ) qqq russell ( 1396 )
spy lol
rt @cnnmoney : the long drama between yahoo and verizon may finally be coming to an end . yhoo vz
so who do you think is driving this autonomous waymo vehicle on the alphabet campus ? googl
deutsche bank casts doubt on pfizer 's rumored takeover approach to bristol-myers bmy pfe gild rhhby nvs mrk
harit talwar on building @marcus , a start-up within gs :
another exclusive from sf 1market : twitter coo @anthonynoto will be on @squawkalley tomorrow with @jimcramer .
what happens when others are greedy ? new post . spx
hi-5 to @chamath for coming on @cnbc today ; great chat about @realdonaldtrump aapl and @snapchat
spx qqq too far , too fast , imho .
csco misses the estimize eps consensus by 1c and the estimize revenue consensus by 36.91m -
curb your enthusiasm into cisco earnings csco via @investopedia
spy ath rsi overbought , support lower 233.7/232.2/229.4/228.25
good morning . mixed markets around the world . europe down small dax-.2 % cac-.21 % in asia , the nikkei-.47 % , shanghai+.51 % hk+.47 % spx futs-1
rt @ophirgottlieb : spx qqq too far , too fast , imho .
think caterpillar inc. 's stock will soar after its fantastic run in 2016 ? read this cat
( `` skeevy '' is a complement . driving user data snap ca n't monetize ( see : twtr ) is the bigger issue . engagement seems spotty )
big u.s. banks to push for easing of money laundering rules gs jpm bac
@assumeacanopenr the socratic method does n't work on twtr . i 'd suggest a `` yes , and '' improv approach . teamwork , not arguments
watch these 7 huge put purchases in thursday trade amat axp car rcii oclr lpl ctsh
spx levels and thoughts as overbought signals flash a bit more
a peek into the markets : stock futures down ahead of jobless claims , housing starts data adi avp csco trip wen
only trade with what you can afford to lose . spx ndx
my interest in iwm now is closer to 136.50 than 140 .
there were some that were very doubtful of dip buyin the jnug and gdx names . so far the wiseguys are sittin decen
spy - friday expiration . 230 had the most calls , but now that price is so much over , really not much resistance th
cowen 's john blackledge out on amzn based on new 10-k disclosures and proprietary data , estimating average of ~80mm prime subs in 2016
ken cacciatore publishes part vi in his series on agn 's pipeline , including perspective on vraylar for negative symptoms of schizophrenia
morning movers : valeant jumps , kate spade soars , mgm drops vrx kate df khc mgm abx
my latest post for @forbes : `` what if retail traffic declines last forever ? '' retail shoptalk amzn m
aapl obv nowhere near as good as khc obv = are funds buying or selling . its that simple .
rt @jasonmilano8 : @jimcramer on cnbc asking twtr coo `` what is wrong with twtr '' & amp ; `` why do n't you crater ? '' . priceless
what does puzder stepping down mean for the fate of labor dept . 's overtime rule ? spy puzderwithdraws
market 's winning streak in jeopardy ; netease surges to record levels : csco aapl wb zion schw momo nvda veev
why wix could be a major threat to amazon amzn etsy wix
have n't deleted your yahoo account yet ? reminder : hackers forged login cookies yhoo
why the buy and hold investing meme is flawed : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
tsla down 9 after this : ubs analyst ca n't understand why tesla shares are up so much in '16 , sell the stock
today 's chart : ubs says now is the time to 'sell ' tesla @seanansmith tsla
`` if everyone was jumping off a bridge , would you do that too ? '' ( explaining my stock purchases in the future ) spx ndx
do you believe tsla lasy year 's acquisition of solarcity is an unneeded distraction ?
gs how to bet get _aggressively_ on deregulation but manage risk
celg the bizarre skew building in celgene what is skew ? -- & gt ;
u.s. stock market : `` meh , we just going to wait for our tax cuts '' spx
fcx cooling down after a strong run . put sweepers at the ready scopping up protection :
rt @foxbusinessam : verizon yahoo revising their purchase agreement downward , reports say vz yhoo @simonettilauren
tesla shares fall after ubs reiterates sell rating , and more . watch live : cheddarlive golive tsla
it 's just a coincidence that arista is reporting earnings a day after cisco detailed big decline in networking sales , right ? csco anet
the most-hated bear in solar is n't backing down via @markets tsla
sorry , i see nothing newsworthy in this zuckerberg `` mission statement '' for facebook . fb
why the 1 % is still cautious about this market spy
is cisco running out of levers to pull to boost revenues ? csco
nflx should fear amzn 's muscle
i have no idea what this means different for fb ?
spy has yesterday 's low at 233.85 . we 'll see how the market treats this pivot today . if it gets below & amp ; stays below 233.10 is next .
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures fall ahead of campbell earnings spy uso anet bbw cpb de sjm nus
celg trying ( long + small option bet of a melt up ) - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
rt @timothysykes : the market is closed now so it 's study time , read this learn from the past fb twtr & amp ; have a gre
as i said was too far above the 230 s. wasn t going to happen . spy spx
citigroup board cuts 2016 pay for ceo michael corbat , while bofa gives its boss a raise . bac c
@brianfires well you are stupid enough to be long vrx - but if you are not short hlf just let me know .
rt @cecileva : gold is misbehaving : @edvanderwalt gld
.. @howardlindzon amzn , goog , msft , baba all standalone security companies dead within decade ; platforms win .
made in china : the coming iphone apocalypse - video @apple aapl
baristas are joining this campaign asking @starbucks for more paid parental leave tobeapartner sbux
fast food in 2016 : who came out on top and who 's best positioned for the future ? mcd wen qsr
here 's how to trade stocks like a sniper ! aim small , miss small fb twtr
apple says eu made fundamental errors in irish tax ruling aapl
rt @timothysykes : here 's how to trade stocks like a sniper ! aim small , miss small fb twtr
@megtirrell it was gild per the 8k
does the s & amp ; p really need higher oil ? stocks spx
fb has been quiet- perhaps tier one long vs. 132.50 and add with a high volume close above 134ish-
leerink 's joseph schwartz none too impressed with srpt 's prv deal with gild
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet yhoo aapl
there s a few big questions about the model 3 that tesla needs to answer tomorrow tsla
lol @twtr 's mission statement : ~ '' info sharing w/out boundaries '' ( but qualified w/sjw : '' but you do n't have a platform for spreading hate '' )
google agrees to let a third party audit its ad metrics - googl
40 % of us companies ( 1,700 ) are still currently loss making ( i.e . have negative net income ) - andrew lapthorne , soc
wb has run sina has lagged , now sina out of jail ?
@gnarlydragoons dude . i 'm 46. you do n't need to age me . i 'm very kid like . ask anyone . in fact . solid game of battlefield1 last night . ea
iphone 8 : sales likely to grow , but not the 'super cycle ' some expect aapl
rt @jbooton : quit calling the iphone 8 a 'super cycle , ' warns deutsche bank . fear aapl will suffer if expectations are too high :
quit calling the iphone 8 a 'super cycle , ' warns deutsche bank . fear aapl will suffer if expectations are too high :
rt @rorol : csx ceo 's departure by may and expected layoffs -- indication that a deal with activist manager paul hilal is close .
boeing , pfizer and others band together to ask congress for more taxes mrk ba cat pfe utx dow ge
the precipitous fall of the blackberry in one graph bbry
freeport-mcmoran sinking today . piper jaffray 's craig johnson & amp ; chad morganlander of washington crossing advisors dis
uh oh . flaming hot rally in bank stocks getting the downgrade slap from analysts via
focus this morning was tsla mbly dgaz shorts out of gate cash across board now
cramer 's stop trading luv
stocks start lower as every stupid trump policy hurts confidence in our future . bonds up & amp ; gold . tesla and nvidia holding up . tsla nvda
does twitter have a video problem ? twtr
fb . yes i came in long and added at 134.10 like my commentary from the morning . now trim and hold
@biotechtoreador oncs was spun out of ino years ago .
@kimblecharting avoid . looks too much like vrx
markets struggle to find positive ground ; fed minutes may move them spy uso vxx tlt dia
fb if you 're bullish and trade options , know this
rt @canuck2usa : fb few weeks ago the top was in after er ... ..
why md anderson shelved its ibm watson project : by @matthewherper
we ve been hearing vr is the next big thing for awhile . wonder when the bigness will arrive ? msft fb htccy sne
rt @seeitmarket : chart spotlight : bear market indicator back to neutral for now - blog by @callum_thomas spy
it feels like 2007 all over again : @johnzechner tells @bnn spy tsx
warren buffett may simply take over this airline entirely luv dal ual nsc unp aal
why tesla 's earnings report does n't matter tsla bidu f gm
rt @probesreporter : last week we warned solarcity has a confirmed , undisclosed sec probe too . think anyone will ask about it ? tsla
last week we warned solarcity has a confirmed , undisclosed sec probe too . think anyone will ask about it ? tsla
rt @pattonles : mcdonald 's is cutting soda and coffee prices to combat the industry 's slump mcd
let 's see if they start the pile back on again post minutes bac
terrible audio ... but at least it 's on the web if you wan na hear @bankofamerica 's moynihan once more on hb2 bac
rt @cgrantwsj : tsla factset consensus : sales : 2.16b adj . eps : 53 cent loss . everything else ?
tsla factset consensus : sales : 2.16b adj . eps : 53 cent loss . everything else ?
with smartphones , smartwatches , and now hearables , `` everything '' is a real threat to fitbit , @marketwatch 's @jbooton
so this actually happened . aapl
breaking : fitbit , inc fit q4 revenue , 573.78m vs. 576.04m expected
breaking : fitbit , inc fit q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , ( 0.56 ) vs. ( 0.5 ) expected
now on @bloombergradio cfra analyst : `` there 's a cash flow situation with tesla that makes you wonder why the stoc
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : tesla q4 loss ( 0.69 ) ; q4 revs . 2.28b vs. 2.18b est . tsla
fit misses the estimize eps consensus by 13c and the estimize revenue consensus by 10.05m -
fit reports fq4 earnings of -56c eps and 573.78m revs -
so i read this as tesla lost 20.8m in customer deposits in fourth quarter . anyone want to agree/disagree ?
tsla wo n't give full yr deliveries guidance ( due to production adjustments ) but expects to sell 47,000 - 50,000 vehicles in first half .
tsla misses the estimize eps consensus by 63c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 50.56m -
still no update from tesla on model3 reservations . total customer deposits for tsla : almost 664m .
exxon lowers proved reserve estimate , only replaced 65 % of the oil and gas it pumped last year : via @wsj xom
rt @biuk_tech : apple spoke out against trump 's withdrawal of obama-era transgender protections aapl
tsla green to red test - please stop fading we need you higher for better entry later on .
nvidia falls following nomura downgrade , analyst concerned about slowdown in gaming nvda
.. @paulvigna next time you title a piece emphasizing bitcoin 's volatility plz give calcs/charts on vol 4 perspective .
high flying nvidia cut to sell at nomura - sees 19 % downside nvda notablecall
icymi : google plans to discontinue yet another product goog
rt @retheauditors : apple condemns trump 's transgender decision will treasury retaliate , pull support for aapl in i
this is the mosh pit that makes me want to sell some more sbux for the trust !
@weaverwealthnc the dude held vrx from 250 to 20 .
why @timseymour is n't convinced by tesla 's stock performance : tsla
interestingly , agn has been vocal about drug prices but the bulk of its future growth is plastic surgery , cosmetics
tesla cfo departure and more big spending plans outweigh solid electric car sales . tsla down 5 % this morning ,
think a negative tweet from trump crushes a stock ? think again ... gm lmt ba twx amzn aapl
stocks open higher . have tesla and nvidia down 4 % at the open . like to see that . we like these companies . dca . nvda tsla
shares of tsla fell more than 2.3 % after the auto company reported a wider than expected loss .
rt @lilyjamali : . @allisonmcneely on gs 's surprise for maple bondholders ; @katiadmi on china 's rumored plans to attract foreign cash
elon musk conceded that a new stamping press needed to produce model 3 parts has n't been delivered yet : tsla
if oil goes to 70 , that 's a very bad thing net-net . fed will be forced to hike more quickly , and tax reform will be cancelled out xom bp
sina intaday bear flag
rbc not adding macy 's to its shopping cart despite m & amp ; a rumors amzn m
weibo 's post-earnings sell-off hits many chinese internets . baidu q4 tonight wb sina
rt @rudyhavenstein : with all the wfc outrage , why has n't the financial media gone after c or jpm in the same way ? @cnbc @business
nvda q4 report on 2/9 first time in 4 qters co did n't raise guide big vs. street . variant perception on pascal upgrade cycle upside is gone
spx failed to hold 2366 and went red . now see if it holds 2354-2358 area . it 's an important upper spot to measure .
covered the rest of my spy hedge here . i 'll revisit it . i do n't need a hedge as i got stopped out of many longs today
qqq below a prior low of 130.11 . let 's see if it stays below for a small change .
sina not even 1 bounce yet..just 9ema ride down
who remembers this one ? set the way back machine for dec 28 , 2016 : why nvidia s booming stock may fall 20 % nvda
tsla faces life after subsidies in hong kong , 'beacon city ' for electric cars via @wsj
citi prepares for regulatory rollback c
three weeks ago @jeffmacke and the @estimize roundtable ditched nvda not surprising what happened next
lost in the model 3 outlook was news that tesla 's cfo jason wheeler will leave the company in april : tsla
nvidia : know the difference between 'highly valued ' and 'overvalued ' intc nvda swks
tsla shares slip as cash-burn raises concerns via @reuters
as nvidia catches a pair of downgrades , attention turns to advanced micro devices amd intc nvda
to @vfhive 's @nickbilton , there 's `` no question '' facebook is a media company , given its influence on news consumptio
rt @ldrogen : three weeks ago @jeffmacke and the @estimize roundtable ditched nvda not surprising what happened next
. @jimcramer says tesla needs to raise capital : tsla
no , gary cohn did not pay 200 million in taxes to work for trump @ewolffmann @yahoofinance gs
gadfly 's shira ovide warns snap investors : buying the ipo is 'an act of lunacy ' fb twtr
the @jack dorsey portfolio delivered mixed results this quarter sq twtr
bank etfs could disappoint kbwb xlf
as stocks soar , short sellers retreat from etfs spy xop xrt
i did try & amp ; buy tsla into the support zone ( 258- 262 ) as i came in flat today . it did n't work well . now i wait ag
the 2014 naaim wagner award winning paper `` an intermarket approach to tactical risk rotation '' spx stocks
double downgrade sinks nvidia 's stock nvda
i think right now is my lowest equity exposure since the day after the election . when spx 2146 was reclaimed . fyi
the s & amp ; p 500 tech sector ended down today for its first negative session after a 15-day winning streak ; it 's still the best sector ytd . spx
saudi aramco might not be worth anywhere near 2 trillion xom uso
rt @benzinga : welcome to trumpville : the market in 1929 and now spy @markyusko
us stocks waver as investors back away from industrials mro x hpq
thursday thoughts - tesla 's emperor musk has no clothes ! tsla jo oil ung abx slw dba xle khc f udn
could your fitbit data raise the cost of your health insurance ? fit
exclusive : apple kills ties with supplier of data center servers after security concern . a strange tale . smci aapl
qqq think the market will be stuck in the mud ? how to use options in nasdaq-100 to find and execute on edge --
wowzerz goog is taking uber to court goog has way , way , way more money and bandwidth for distraction
96 % of msft us 113.24 billion cash reserves are held abroad+it cd be depressing its share price new research :
rt @joedeaux : trump love ca n't save caterpillar or u.s. steel from slump my story cat x
there is nothing in place that would get tsla anywhere close by 2018 . 250k possible with blood , sweat & amp ; tears . 500k ?
snb has more shares of facebook than zuckerberg . now when facebook shares hit all-time high , the profit taking fb
rt @retheauditors : other than a heckler from c who did n't like me calling his employer the most corrupt org on the street , my columbia u s
although tesla and nvidia look really juicy in here . tsla nvda down again today . think long term . autonomousvehicles smart car
`` fair competition spurs new technical innovation , but what has happened here is not fair competition . '' -- waymo sta
nvda looks like player wanted to take it for a day trade
rt @ulmanfinancial : welcometohooverville : the market in 1929 and now spx spy via @benzinga @markyusko
should have known , like all 600 of this troll 's tweet are about nvda .
final trading day of the week ! will the dow snap its win streak ? djia
volvo , saab were given up for dead with production levels tsla wants to reach .
djia extending streak without a 1 % move to 53 sessions today - would be longest such streak in 10 years
cml pro members we just sent : nvda `` what to do about nvidia , now ? '' get pro :
dow21k today ? not looking likely . @korihale gives us the latest news from the floor of the @nyse . cheddarlive
the biosimilar party is getting way too crowded and allergan knows it : @maxnisen via @bfly
fridayfun what oscars film are you streaming on goog nflx aapl or amzn this weekend ? full list via @usatoday
search warrant linked to amzn echo recording in arkansas killing could affect sales
bofa : 'be mindful of a possible reversal in gold ' gld iau gdx via @crystalkimmm
tsla there are ( could be ) legs to this tesla employee story -- not going away and when the stock drops , it _really_ wo n't go away .
rt @barchart : us stocks dip as banks and energy companies fall bac wfc
gs if there is deregulation , golide could _rip_ . here 's the aggressive option play ( risk on )
nvda is it time to buy or sell nvidia ? my take via @cnnmoney
rt @canuck2usa : tsla so far we have a=c abc pullback from highs
spy qqq russell was excluded from the meeting about this iwm now protesting
najarian brothers see unusual options activity in spdr gold trust ( etf ) and nu skin enterprises gld nus
wow , outgoing cfo jason wheeler told tsla he plans to resign on tuesday , before a wednesday announcement .
cot : euro weakness not dollar strength sets direction saxostrats by ole hansen oil gld slv
tsla with earnings are over , if you 're semi-bullish , this is available through options
@brianfires @wsj @foxbusiness @businessinsider really ? you think vrx is the victim of a @sirf_report short seller conspiracy .
cot : short-covering in bonds and stocks saxostrats by ole hansen oil gld slv
rt @marathonwealth : see : copper : gold jjc gld mt @convertbond gundlach : `` us 10 year headed below 2.25 % . there 's a stealth flight to saf
rt @squawkcnbc : buffett says they bought more apple since 2017 began , but not since the earnings report came out aapl askwarren
goldman sachs now thinks tesla could crash 28 % -- here are the charts all bears will love tsla
rt @lebeaucarnews : goldman drops tsla to a sell rating w/ 185 price target saying it expects a capital raise before 4q17 to weigh on tsla
goldman drops tsla to a sell rating w/ 185 price target saying it expects a capital raise before 4q17 to weigh on tsla s shares .
goldman cuts tesla to sell with a word to bulls out there tsla notablecalls
what happens when financials lag ? stocks spx
goldman cuts tsla to sell on execution risk , near-term cash needs
not to mention buffett is a disaster for health and the environment . he owns psx ( dapl ) , ko , airlines burning oil . and wfc bac
the musk of musk 's soiled jeans is wafting in the market air . tsla
what to expect from the stock market this week spy iwm and more
tesla -6 % this morning on goldman 's downgrade tsla
morningmovers : tesla tanks , urban outfitters flops , kate spade jumps bid urbn uaa tsla
gs downgrades tesla . mkt cap down 4.7bn since last week 's results : via @bfly tsla
tesla back below avg . sell-side target . see my column from last month on how these two interact : via @bfly tsla
rt @chicagosean : entered a protected strangle in nugt : shorted 9put/12call strangle and protected upside with a 13call . 1.08 credit . no u
htz reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.01 eps and -2.24m revs compared to ws
what to do about nvidia corporation ( nasdaq : nvda ) - nvda
jcp heavy call vol , tsla downgrade , tgt & amp ; pcln earnings @angiemiles w fred banyon pm , and market correction
worth a read . goldman thinks model3 launch will be a mess , scty a big fcf drag , big cap raise needed by q417 . tsla
why @warrenbuffett does n't tweet or email : 'you can always tell someone to go to hell tomorrow ' twtr brk
is carl icahn losing his midas touch ? not quite iep aig bmy fcx lng htz hlf xrx nav
sell is a 4-letter dirty word on wall street . but goldman sachs just slapped that rating on tesla . here 's why . tsla
the big shocker in wall st/silicon valley today : tesla gets downgraded to 'sell ' by goldman sachs
teslas still overheat on road courses . this is the problem porsche promises to solve with its ev . tsla
julia , a dishwasher of 15 years , says she was unfairly terminated from her job at @wholefoods wfm reinstatejulia
tsla deepens recent losses after goldman recommends selling via @reuters
ddd reports before the open tomorrow , estimize consensus +0.03 eps and +2.06m revs compared to ws
seven past runs of 'star trek ' series , 'some of them were great , some of them were terrible , ' says cbs ceo moonves . all do well on nflx
with paypal now at new 2017 highs , a series of lows between 38.00 and 39.00 could mark a major bottom : pypl
tesla plunges another 5 percent on fears of model 3 delays tsla
the timing of netflix 's partnership with spark is `` absolutely '' tied to a failed vodafone deal : nflx vod
at least gdx gave some clues it was vulnerable . look how it closed near lows friday 's as gld closed at weekly highs .
a fun fact : spx touched a 52-week low at 1,932.23 on feb 29 , 2016. it 's up 22 % since then .
today s stocks losers : ua , sstk tsla
new exxon mobil ceo echoes rex tillerson 's skepticism on climate science xom
it 's rare for the spx & amp ; the usd to fall together , but it usually only means a short-term fall . read @retmilldaily
htz misses the estimize eps consensus by 17c and the estimize revenue consensus by 15.31m -
should investors follow warren buffett 's lead with aapl ? gk advisor @ben_dunbargk does n't think so ... find out why
tsla trading range always struck me as pretty tight in recent years
is this another 1987 ? we should be so lucky . new post . djia
i have been to a dozen stores and have never found that to be the case but it is unfortunate . which store ? aapl
vrx misses the estimize eps consensus by 6c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 26.59m -
amrn reports fq4 earnings of -4c eps and 38.70m revs -
gold miners gdx -11 % in 3 weeks as gold holds 1,250 ( + 100 ytd ) -- & gt ; price seen as unsustainable
as per usual - why ca n't valeant - which has so much debt it is a financial institution - publish a balance sheet ? vrx
spx futures -1 as we try and figure out `` what 's next '' ahead of president trumps- address to congress-
rt @lamonicabuzz : tar-jay no longer in style . target tanks on weak earnings and poor outlook . can you say amazon ? tgt amzn
`` the realities of our capital structure force us to invest less in r & amp ; d '' vrx cool , so find some `` hidden gems '' in a box somewhere a push 'em
morgan stanley is setting aside 70m to cover costs associated with giving clients the incorrect tax info : ms
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` s & amp ; p 500 technical update : near-term upside limited '' by @marknewtoncmt spy xle xbi
the crb index and inflation , or lack of it crb spy tlt
pcln `` trade idea 2 : buy the march 3 expiry 1600/1550/1515 broken wing put butterfly for 10.50 . '' bust .
`` we 're drowning in a lot of these numbers , but i think it 's a very simple answer we 're looking for , '' analyst tells vrx re debt , cash flow
great call on tgt by @hedgeyeretail -- stock is down -17 % since august as spy rises +8 % target
rt @megtirrell : `` 2 papas , '' @jimcramer says : `` papa john 's pzza , losing the war against dpx , and joe papa . not a good day for papas . '' vrx
`` 2 papas , '' @jimcramer says : `` papa john 's pzza , losing the war against dpx , and joe papa . not a good day for papas . '' vrx prgo
nvda looks liek rollover now . dead cat bounce last few days
on its strategy to lower prices , @ptpetrides says target should 've addressed the amazon effect many years ago .
hard to believe crm is n't in the nasdaq-100 . what a joke , bigger than 72 ( & lt ; -- corrected ) components .
another shareholder , charles sherling , now commenting on proposal . agrees `` frustration that diversity in sv is few and far between '' aapl
it was proposed by the national center for public policy . rep says some orgs who get @apple donations may use funds in unwanted ways aapl
the stealth rotation : a look at the underlying `` risk off '' trade that has been hidden :
one apple shareholder saying he sold his stock last month , worried about revenue growth , says buybacks are waste of money . aapl
proposal 9 ( 5th by shareholders ) wants top execs to retain 75 % of their @apple aapl stock until they reach retirement age
rt @sharatibken : next shareholder proposal wants @apple to reexamine executive compensation . aapl apple @tim_cook
next shareholder proposal wants @apple to reexamine executive compensation . aapl apple @tim_cook
he supports this @apple proposal . aapl . now discussion on that proposal is closed .
another comment from corey webb , a shareholder from florida . says experienced lack of diversity in @apple exec level in retail aapl
rt @sharatibken : ultimately says he 's against putting language into @apple policies requiring more diversity aapl apple
subway chicken contains less than 55 % chicken dna mcd wen qsr
amazon s3 service outage is giving a lot of folks some insight into just how many web based companies use aws for their cloud stuff amzn
amazon web services was experiencing `` high error rates '' with its data storage , affecting numerous websites : amzn
funds dumping salesforce ahead of earnings crm via @investopedia
salesforce is sliding despite its earnings beat crm
salesforce 's outlook sends shares lower crm
salesforce falling in after-hours after some guidance falls short . crm
kinda rough earnings response for crm to boot !
@brianfires @theiphawk @pavelsenor @13 yeah - but you have still lost meaningful money in vrx . and you ca n't support your sick girlfriend .
@zacangeline6 apple tv is not the best . apple music is not the best . beats is not the best , airpods barely work ... aapl
apple tv you 're dead in the water . what we 've been saying . youtube tv is a winner . espn and abc , broadcast and kids stuff 35 . goog aapl
@brianfires @theiphawk @pavelsenor @13 says someone long vrx forever and who can no longer support his sick girlfriend . i am just insane !
. @abiolahp who the f knows . i traded y2k and 9/11 ; last move always most violent . spx ndx
rt @donutshorts : `` i hope we have not provided too much information '' says the cfo who does n't publish a balance sheet @shitmgmtsays vrx
how will facebook shares react to snapchat 's ipo ? trade fb share cfds with 0 commissions ! capital at risk
1/ s & amp ; p futures spy up 17 points , highs of morning . traders did n't get more specifics on tax reform , infrastructure from trump speech ...
thoughtful intel downgrade by bernstein . the note is worth reading intc nvda amd
wall street will hear from new exxonmobil ceo darren woods shortly . xom
intel : sell , says bernstein , server is cracking ; fab advantage ai n't what it was intc via
amazon : not a great time to fumble the cloud , says global equities amzn orcl hpe
you you hate me if i told you i bought iwm at 138.25 yesterday afternoon ?
when sharpies do n't even take a breath . spy iwm
this spy is scary as shit lol
i have a hard time seeing trip as standalone in the next 3 years . it would give pcln a community dynamic that wou
nvda following the bearish path i expected so far .
this wall street firm says intel could get crushed by competition in 2018 - intc nvda
whoa . mcdonald 's just got halted : mcd
so mcd halted ... my theory is they 're bringing back the mcdlt with jason alexander as spokesman
mcd halted for news
just in : mcdonald 's shares halted for news pending . mcd
world 's largest wealth fund is worried about china and the us fxi spy
aapl but.. if you want to get aggressively long apple with options , take 3 minutes to read this
rt @stocktwits : whoa . mcdonald 's just got halted : mcd
news at mcd ? stock halted
so what is it , mcd ? oy .
costco is due to increase membership fees , potentially as early as thursday 's earnings report . what to expect :
so carl icahn sells nflx and aapl positions before their stocks go way up , right ?
and i 'd add cleanliness of restaurants . ( my biggest dissuader . ) mcd
goodbye to mcpick menu ? `` too many value combinations '' that `` diluted impact . '' mcd
there seems to be some major delivery news coming today from mcd . trading halted .
is mcd really just halted because of investor presentation or is there more news coming ?
would be awesome though - come on mcd , step it up . or at least invest a percentage in it . shak
palo alto delivers another 'messy ' quarter panw chkp csco ftnt
rt @peterfrost : sounds like more job cuts coming to mcd . in addition to cutting 500mm of g/a by end of 2018 , expect to cut 5-10 % more .
rt @ernestscheyder : of 25 wall street analysts tracking @exxonmobil , only 5 say buy stock . most analysts say buy @chevron
7 tweets that ruined careers twtr
wow intc you ca n't find buyers today ?
no matter how the numbers line up , snapchat is n't exactly facebook : fb
`` retail partners are just as important as corporate partners . '' baristas on paid parental leave tobeapartner sbux
sarepta stock seesaws on 2017 duchenne muscular dystrophy guide : srpt antm hum unh gild
in recently-released 10k , mcdonald 's adds `` trade measures '' to `` actions taken by government '' that could adversely affect its business mcd
rt @thestreet : no matter how the numbers line up , snapchat is n't exactly facebook : fb
gracias amigo ! spx 2800 bubble here we come ... thing about bubbles is they always have a crash ...
when i wrote this was 25 % sure spx was headed for bubble , now 75 % sure ... for every action , equal & amp ; opposite react
we ca n't jump or do parkour so ... yeah . this is scary . goog
vrx is this going ot be like a 1 ... 2 ... or 3 year process before 0 ? it 's already been a few .. how much more confirmation is needed lol
my price target on vrx has been 0 for a while . published when stock was 90 .
breaking : valeant discloses sec is conducting probe into possible securities law violations by salix ; vrx down as much as 6.1 %
nope . long em , commodities , euro financials , private energy , private equity ( all beating spx ) and increasing cash
spy has gap support at 238.37 . digesting above this would be constructive for higher prices . pivot resistance is 240.32
spx futures -3 after another big move to ath 's . maybe an inside day today above support at 2380. pivot resistance is 2400
rt @philipvandoorn : here 's what apple and a chicken processor have in common for this fund manager aapl safmf htt
solarcity quietly cut 3,000 jobs ahead of tesla sale - tsla look for thousands more as musk changes sales approach
i thought msft was a `` day 1 '' to get momentum back . did n't hold a third or half to keep commitment . so i sold for a loss
nflx now below 8/21 day and took out yesterday 's low of 142.10 . 140 is a big level now - below that . take care
after huge rally , market looks mixed as catalysts appear to be lacking spy uso vxx f gm
it just keeps getting worse for cat ... . caterpillar illinois facilities searched by law enforcement via @newsmax
where 's that guy who screamed at me about how great nvda is ? oh i remember , i blocked him .
mcdonald 's ceo : traffic is n't soft , it 's down mcd pnra
- tsla ca n't deliver anything on time
by the time the fbi entered crazy eddie 's premises all the documents were gone per our `` scorched earth '' policy . cat
i just searched cat facilities and found nothing
rt @canuck2usa : nvda inside and down daily bear flag today
@mikhail507 @jack hey do n't forget mayer at yahoo . she could be the worse . then jack . i 'm waiting to give snap a chance . twtr yhoo
more : federal law enforcement agencies began serving search warrants earlier today against @caterpillarinc cat says @wsj
blackberry 's head of strategy and acquisitions , jim mackey , tells me he left the canadian company in mid-february . bbry bb
more : irs , fdic and u-s attorney for central illinois reportedly part of investigation of @caterpillarinc cat
nvda could n't stay away - more lods
rt @thestreet : `` mcdonald 's is definitely late to the game ( but ) this may not drive growth '' mcd
if cat has a smart pr dept , they 're issue a statement before the close . ill be out by 4pm one way or the other .
so many ways to spin this . spx ndx bear plunges to death from helicopter via @nypost
rt @cnbcnow : new : feds seeking tax docs in search at cat facilities ; tax employees asked to leave building - nbc affiliate week
shares in caterpillar cat down 4.2 % & amp ; the main drag on the dow on reports of a law-enforcement investigation markets
stocks in retreat from yesterday 's record highs : djia -0.4 % , with a 4 % drop in cat a major drag on the index .
spx market sinks as everyone sells to buy snap
yahoo punishes ceo in latest fallout from security breakdown yhoo
cost on deck . frozen in the same amber tomb as the rest of retail until there s a pointless trade war decision
cat confirms raid involves csarl matter involving taxes
cost put seller in advance of earnings . `` you go in for milk and paper towels and you come out with a tv ''
rt @markbspiegel : basically , he bailed out his personal investment in scty using tsla stock , and now will quietly shut most of it down to
rt @seanansmith : cost falling on earnings miss & amp ; disappointing same-store sales @yahoofinance
breaking : costco cost q2 earnings per share ( eps ) , 1.17 vs. 1.36 expected
today s stocks losers : juno , shak , cat
iwm has been choppy and lagged recently . yesterday pivot low is 138.64 to use as today 's pivot .
spy sitting on wednesday 's gap as other sectors filled or started to fill theirs . 238.21 is today 's pivot . gap goes down to about 237
years of federal scrutiny lead to caterpillar cat hq raid
so that 's why cat still trading under 94 this morning .
wcu : gold and silver hurt by march rate-hike prospects oil wobbles by ole hansen oil gld slv
twitter must be crying , just that old stock people used to talk about . bye bye . twtr . snap has got everyone 's attention now . snap
why nomura initiated snap at reduce with a 16 price target fb snap
most indices below yesterday 's lows . getting day 2 down . spy pivot was 238.21 for continuation . gap is open down to 236.95
vrx row row row your boat
us stock indexes edge lower in afternoon trading ; oil rises cost luv
rt @cgasparino : even bankers say tech stock ipo valuations are too high and preventing cos like cos twtr from being sold later more now @f
squawk : commitments of traders tables covering the positions help by managed ... by ole hansen oil gld slv
the stephen king of sec filings . by tsla
now with complete tsla china 2016 dataset , courtesy @jato_dynamics mystery continues
being good at suffering stocks spx
indices have started the week on the back foot , with some small moves lower . ftse dax spx
rt @kantar : across asia pacific , consumers are looking beyond facebook and testing newer , more visual social media
so far being tactical from last week is helpful . spy spending some time below 237.73 . see if it stays below
been reviewing all short calls ( front of calendar , covered calls ) to buy back or roll down today . have only adjusted googl ... ...
11 quotes to teach you how to invest like ben graham , the man who taught warren buffett spy
a decade of smartphone growth fizzles . what 's next ? aapl goog vz
short sellers : what 's it mean for a stock to be 'hard to borrow ' ? snap spy
rt @shonaghosh : amazon handed over alexa recordings to the police in a murder case amzn by @shonaghosh
rt @lamonicabuzz : snap is set to fall again . fb had a tough go too at first . but is snap more like twtr ? i 'll discuss w/ @maggielake on
spx futures down 2-3 handles as tape drifts and gets lethargic- levels & amp ; thoughts
12 dividend aristocrats for every month of the year , via kiplinger xom cvx t
testy tuesday - 11,550 or bust on the nyse aapl nya dia spx ndx ba hd ibm
that little lower shadow closes the gap from sotu for spy
dks trade should look familiar to sig prgo lb vrx and all the others - same idea
radioshack to kodak ; these companies fell from grace the hardest aapl amzn bbry
@quagmires i do n't love today 's move in tsla with the rejection at the 8day . so i am flat it
@frankmazza3 haha . if snap buys twtr it would definitely be the worst company mistake in tech history . aol -time warner . snap is fine .
buffalo wild wings -- the wings cost too much bruh bwld 
weakness persists across indices , although we have only seen modest losses over the past week . ftse dax spx
wed starts more risk-on for stocks than mon/tue . nikkei , shanghai lagged but ftse , dax , us futures hold above flat line . spx dj
spy pivot low from yesterday is 236.76 . use that today to see if we find support around it . or get and stay below . 235ish next big spot
@ladyfohf @ivanthek you guys are right , iphone tweets do bridge the gap between genders and political party . seems bullish ... aapl
. @toyotamotorcorp exec , off-the-record : `` if you think we ever discuss tsla at the office , you are off-the-rocker . ''
juniper 's gary clark joins tsla as chief information officer via @reuters
not if there is a belief that the `` cooperation '' was n't honest . that 's justice.. cat
facebook to face mps over failure to remove problem images | technology | the guardian fb
cat call 1230pm @hedgeyeindstrls
has walmart finally created the endless shopping aisle ? if so , amazon should be worrie wmt amzn
every company exposed to the cia cyberhacking scandal aapl fb goog
the earnings recession has ended , but that does n't mean earnings are good enough to support more gains spx
`` investors should be increasingly concerned about the investment risks associated with cat shares '' @hedgeyeindstrls
the twittersphere responds to the vault7 cia cyber hacking revelations aapl xlk
three years ago , analysts called for tsla 2017 eps of 8.87 . avg pt 216 . now ? 1.73 a share loss w/ higher pt
beware of ides of march expiration mismatch vxx vix sonar report : via @youtube
america 's trade deficit since 1992 in one chart spx spy
parkervision : another case of 'sell the news ' prkr qcom
arista networks ' software strategy could jar cisco even more : anet csco msft googl fb
oil sooo heavy . giving bulls second thoughts in some other sectors . watch yesterday 's lows spy , iwm is below it . fas ugly candle
i used the @google vision api to try and see what their algorithm thought of trump . `` unlikely to be an adult '' sound
rt @katekelly : icymi : terrific scoop today by @jessedrucker on questions of tax , accounting fraud at cat
snap falls below opening price ; how long did twitter and facebook take to do the same ? fb gpro snap
starbucks shares under pressure amid concerning xad market share data dnkn sbux
citi set to ring the nyse closing bell . no , not to celebrate the 8th anniversary of c trading below 1 ( reverse-sp
a popular theory is that instagram is stealing ad dollars from snap . not so fast , @adweek 's @martyswant says .
did the cia clear the way for high-profile cyber attacks ? antm cost cvs
spy pivot low from yesterday is 236.40 . for today , see if it gets below & amp ; stays below , then 235.25 . or get below & amp ; reclaim for a bounce
good ol boy club : bank of america exec describes former employer bac @bankofamerica
gale assets for sale
rt @marketcurrents : eni sells mozambique stake to exxon for 2.8b premarket xom e
no , it 's not actual irish coffee , but beggars ca n't be choosers and @starbucks gave it a shot . sbux
`` doomed '' opec alliance with u.s. shale oil impractical and illegal @jkempenergy ceraweek oott saudi xom gas
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures down ; jobless claims data in focus ges shld sig spls tlrd spy uso
rt @deoneroberts : good ol boy club : bank of america exec describes former employer bac @bankofamerica
sig deeply engaged in talks w/ gs on outsourcing credit denies manipulating our numbers or our customers . wow . this is something .
what would iron ass say ? xom
spx futures down 2 as divergences persist- some levels and thoughts to plan the day .
most clayton clients were pwc auditees . gs , baba , jpm , eni , ally , barclays . @mattgoldstein26 @nyt adds vrx , vow to earlier @ft story .
axp like jpm 's sapphire exec does n't want u to game signups for rewards.but will keep offering them @jennysurane
rt @tischendorf : the 'safe ' and 'easy ' move is to raise cash here . spy hitting new highs before correcting would hurt traders . markets lik
rt @hedgeyehwp : looks like the ceo of bwld does not want to face the music and sent the cfo of 4 months to tell the story .
american , like delta , wo n't match the guidance it issued in january aal dal
rt @sam_l_shead : twitter has shut down its office in berlin twtr
a sense of foreboding as stock bull market nears 8th b-day spy dia via @barronsonline
tsla : amazon , aapl comparisons fair , not a reason to buy via @barrons
a look at historic fed rate hikes and their negative impact : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
stopped on fast
iwm reclaimed 135.78 after making a low of 135.61 . not that convincing
rt @cheddar : . @vfhive 's @nickbilton would n't invest in uber , saying he does n't think it will exist in ten years . here 's why . cheddarlive 
for for 1st time in 30 years tnx appears to show a breakout above trend . low rates have sustained high debt . what
this whole thing is silly . -- & gt ; fb launches snap feature to enhance pics which last only 24 hrs . emperorhasnoclothes they disappear
rt @thestreet : staples closed 48 stores last year & amp ; will shutter another 70 this year spls amzn
@ophirgottlieb twtr just gon na slowly bleed until it finds some semblance of support . they have 2.4b rev but no one cares b/c jack .
staples closed 48 stores last year & amp ; will shutter another 70 this year spls amzn
markets edge higher ; oil drops under 50 ; caterpillar falls again : jnj gs jpm cat xom rdsa baba ntes wb
rumors abound the iphone 8 may be delayed : winners and losers aapl qcom stm syna
final trade : wfm because of the massive april 30 call buying
valeant will tumble further - vrx when 77 we noted it was going way further . wall street is deaf , you are not .
with xle below 200day iwm below the 50day . in my morning call we discussed the spy at least testing the 21day .
calls for pwc to be replaced as cat auditor , among other changes
with u.s. economic data heating up , the burden of proof to the contrary is on the bears spy economy
tesla has a compelling long-term story , but will face near-term headwinds tsla
draghi day , crude dude , & amp ; trending thurs . discussed : elf , tlrd , rad , aig , fate , ulta investools
a bug in google s amp pages is inflating traffic metrics via @yahoofinance - googl
us stock indices down just a touch with around half an hour to the close . djia -0.1 % , with heavily-weighted component ibm falling 1.4 % .
rt @cnbcclosingbell : light guidance taking ulta beauty lower after hours . ulta
on march 9 , 2009 , the s & amp ; p 500 had lost 37 % over the piror 8 years . in the 8 years since it has gained 309 % . spx
credit suisse says plan to hire refugees damaging starbucks brand and sales sbux -- -
the market in 5 minutes spy fb snap tsla rds aig atu cpt ges ions
most acquisitions are finalized at a price that leaves some shareholders sitting on a loss hpe nmbl msft
@weeklystockchar check out our earnings estimate for adbe here :
. @adamfeuerstein talks vulnerable pharmaceuticals , drug pricing under trump gild ibb mrk xbi
i have no idea what gild should do - way above my pay grade - but pretty sure it 's not buying their own shares .
world bank tribunal annuls venezuela damages reward for exxon xom oilprice
starbucks ceo 's refugee comments sour customer views of chain : survey | reuters sbux grc
will the real health of starbucks business please stand up sbux
i didn t wake up to news of gild buying incy .
rt @street_insider : mobileye mbly halted , news pending ( earlier reports of takeover by intc )
fodder for bears : this is the most overvalued stock market on record even worse than 1929 spx djia
buffalo wild wings franchisees voicing support for company management in its fight v. marcato . bwld
2000 was height of craziness in tech bubble , some of fang likely to suffer same fate . aapl is actually cheap ...
this long spy and short tlt getting a tad long in the tooth .
mbly buyout . who else is affected ? momentum mon . discussed : a , amd , tsla , pki , celg , cb , cbs investools
rt @megtirrell : vrx dropping after hours on @davidfaber scoop
ackman throws in the towel on vrx
valeant plunges on bill ackman sale . pershing square throws in towel , exits position . vrx down 12.5 % premarket .
bill ackman is out of valeant vrx
rt @melinanders : ackman loses out on some 6.8 billion by selling valeant at 11 instead of 262.51 high . vrx
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures down ahead of fed meeting spy uso dis dsw eeft mgi vrx rt
agn edit in crispr development pact for eye diseases .
spy has yesterday 's pivot low at 237.24 -we 'll see if we get another quiet inside day . or not . use that as your pivot
hedgeye sell call on cat yesterday joy
@carlquintanilla @jimcramer supermarkets were sold out pre-storm ; if you need stuff today amzn wont make it . weather = retail part of life
oil falls again : saudis report output hike after warning u.s. shale companies xom cvx
i 've written about two chesapeake energy directors bravely buying stock . chk @barronsonline
rt @wallstjesus : googl may bull sweepers detected
how much money did bill ackman lose in valeant ? vrx
spx stocks sell-off as money floods into anniversary gifts .
fed meeting takes center stage even as blizzard bears down on east coast spy uso vxx
rt @bryantanders75 : twtr @jack you are not even paying this guy & amp ; this would increase site traffic by tenfold . what is going on over there
shares of aal , dal , ual , jblu and hd getting hit by winterstormstella @thestreet
almost exactly one year ago , @matt_levine wrote `` ackman 's valeant investment keeps getting worse '' vrx
your tax dollars subsidize amazon . are the jobs worth it ? amzn
the best and worst mobile app performances in q1 : bad news for snapchat snap p ebay expe nflx yelp grub
rt @scottgamm : shares of aal , dal , ual , jblu and hd getting hit by winterstormstella @thestreet
intel inherits mobileye 's problems intc mbly nvda
@holon @elkwood66 and andrew ate humble pie and said he got it right , and on vrx and maybe tdg he 'll eat 'fuck ya ' pie
rt @herbgreenberg : @davidmaris to @scottwapnercnbc on why smart people got vrx wrong we re all human ain t that the sad truth !
another drop for oil prices pulls stock indexes lower hal mro nasdaq dowi gold
why ackman s exit may not be the end of valeant s stock plunge vrx
creepy new app matches pictures of strangers with their facebook profile within seconds privacy fb
live : william ackman sells pershing fund s stake in valeant vrx -
this spx chart signal could mean it s time for the bears to pounce :
both companies have been viewed as one-trick -- or maybe two , tops -- ponies gpro fit
rt @ali : well that makes at least two people not prepared for a 3 a.m. phone call , @hillaryclinton and now @jack . twitterhack twtr
rt @jamesliamcook : a twitter tool was hacked and it caused some famous accounts to tweet about nazis twtr
stock investors may want to monitor these charts for early warning signs : uso xle xom cvx hal mro clr oas
how to lose 4 billion : bill ackman 's long ride down on valeant vrx
shares of vrx are still sliding as the stock slipped more than 10 % and billackman unloaded his stake .
new filing discloses raises for bank of america s top executives bac charobs
jpmorgan 's aviation conference concludes ; expect volatility in airline stocks aal alv cpa luv ual save dal
xlf pulling back on fed rate hike news . coming up : - former @wellsfargo ceo dick kovacevich - former fdic chair
netflix 's international headwinds appear muted amzn nflx
jpm downgrades vrx credit to neutral , sees best case sotp ev of 31.3 billion .
should investors follow warren buffett 's lead with aapl ? gk advisor @ben_dunbargk does n't think so ... find out why
tsla trading range always struck me as pretty tight in recent years
is this another 1987 ? we should be so lucky . new post . djia
i have been to a dozen stores and have never found that to be the case but it is unfortunate . which store ? aapl
vrx misses the estimize eps consensus by 6c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 26.59m -
amrn reports fq4 earnings of -4c eps and 38.70m revs -
gold miners gdx -11 % in 3 weeks as gold holds 1,250 ( + 100 ytd ) -- & gt ; price seen as unsustainable
as per usual - why ca n't valeant - which has so much debt it is a financial institution - publish a balance sheet ? vrx
spx futures -1 as we try and figure out `` what 's next '' ahead of president trumps- address to congress-
rt @lamonicabuzz : tar-jay no longer in style . target tanks on weak earnings and poor outlook . can you say amazon ? tgt amzn
`` the realities of our capital structure force us to invest less in r & amp ; d '' vrx cool , so find some `` hidden gems '' in a box somewhere a push 'em
morgan stanley is setting aside 70m to cover costs associated with giving clients the incorrect tax info : ms
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` s & amp ; p 500 technical update : near-term upside limited '' by @marknewtoncmt spy xle xbi
the crb index and inflation , or lack of it crb spy tlt
pcln `` trade idea 2 : buy the march 3 expiry 1600/1550/1515 broken wing put butterfly for 10.50 . '' bust .
`` we 're drowning in a lot of these numbers , but i think it 's a very simple answer we 're looking for , '' analyst tells vrx re debt , cash flow
great call on tgt by @hedgeyeretail -- stock is down -17 % since august as spy rises +8 % target
rt @megtirrell : `` 2 papas , '' @jimcramer says : `` papa john 's pzza , losing the war against dpx , and joe papa . not a good day for papas . '' vrx
`` 2 papas , '' @jimcramer says : `` papa john 's pzza , losing the war against dpx , and joe papa . not a good day for papas . '' vrx prgo
nvda looks liek rollover now . dead cat bounce last few days
on its strategy to lower prices , @ptpetrides says target should 've addressed the amazon effect many years ago .
hard to believe crm is n't in the nasdaq-100 . what a joke , bigger than 72 ( & lt ; -- corrected ) components .
another shareholder , charles sherling , now commenting on proposal . agrees `` frustration that diversity in sv is few and far between '' aapl
it was proposed by the national center for public policy . rep says some orgs who get @apple donations may use funds in unwanted ways aapl
the stealth rotation : a look at the underlying `` risk off '' trade that has been hidden :
one apple shareholder saying he sold his stock last month , worried about revenue growth , says buybacks are waste of money . aapl
proposal 9 ( 5th by shareholders ) wants top execs to retain 75 % of their @apple aapl stock until they reach retirement age
rt @sharatibken : next shareholder proposal wants @apple to reexamine executive compensation . aapl apple @tim_cook
next shareholder proposal wants @apple to reexamine executive compensation . aapl apple @tim_cook
he supports this @apple proposal . aapl . now discussion on that proposal is closed .
another comment from corey webb , a shareholder from florida . says experienced lack of diversity in @apple exec level in retail aapl
rt @sharatibken : ultimately says he 's against putting language into @apple policies requiring more diversity aapl apple
subway chicken contains less than 55 % chicken dna mcd wen qsr
amazon s3 service outage is giving a lot of folks some insight into just how many web based companies use aws for their cloud stuff amzn
amazon web services was experiencing `` high error rates '' with its data storage , affecting numerous websites : amzn
funds dumping salesforce ahead of earnings crm via @investopedia
salesforce is sliding despite its earnings beat crm
salesforce 's outlook sends shares lower crm
salesforce falling in after-hours after some guidance falls short . crm
kinda rough earnings response for crm to boot !
@brianfires @theiphawk @pavelsenor @13 yeah - but you have still lost meaningful money in vrx . and you ca n't support your sick girlfriend .
@zacangeline6 apple tv is not the best . apple music is not the best . beats is not the best , airpods barely work ... aapl
apple tv you 're dead in the water . what we 've been saying . youtube tv is a winner . espn and abc , broadcast and kids stuff 35 . goog aapl
@brianfires @theiphawk @pavelsenor @13 says someone long vrx forever and who can no longer support his sick girlfriend . i am just insane !
. @abiolahp who the f knows . i traded y2k and 9/11 ; last move always most violent . spx ndx
rt @donutshorts : `` i hope we have not provided too much information '' says the cfo who does n't publish a balance sheet @shitmgmtsays vrx
how will facebook shares react to snapchat 's ipo ? trade fb share cfds with 0 commissions ! capital at risk
1/ s & amp ; p futures spy up 17 points , highs of morning . traders did n't get more specifics on tax reform , infrastructure from trump speech ...
thoughtful intel downgrade by bernstein . the note is worth reading intc nvda amd
wall street will hear from new exxonmobil ceo darren woods shortly . xom
intel : sell , says bernstein , server is cracking ; fab advantage ai n't what it was intc via
amazon : not a great time to fumble the cloud , says global equities amzn orcl hpe
you you hate me if i told you i bought iwm at 138.25 yesterday afternoon ?
when sharpies do n't even take a breath . spy iwm
this spy is scary as shit lol
i have a hard time seeing trip as standalone in the next 3 years . it would give pcln a community dynamic that wou
nvda following the bearish path i expected so far .
this wall street firm says intel could get crushed by competition in 2018 - intc nvda
whoa . mcdonald 's just got halted : mcd
so mcd halted ... my theory is they 're bringing back the mcdlt with jason alexander as spokesman
mcd halted for news
just in : mcdonald 's shares halted for news pending . mcd
world 's largest wealth fund is worried about china and the us fxi spy
aapl but.. if you want to get aggressively long apple with options , take 3 minutes to read this
rt @stocktwits : whoa . mcdonald 's just got halted : mcd
news at mcd ? stock halted
so what is it , mcd ? oy .
costco is due to increase membership fees , potentially as early as thursday 's earnings report . what to expect :
so carl icahn sells nflx and aapl positions before their stocks go way up , right ?
and i 'd add cleanliness of restaurants . ( my biggest dissuader . ) mcd
goodbye to mcpick menu ? `` too many value combinations '' that `` diluted impact . '' mcd
there seems to be some major delivery news coming today from mcd . trading halted .
is mcd really just halted because of investor presentation or is there more news coming ?
would be awesome though - come on mcd , step it up . or at least invest a percentage in it . shak
palo alto delivers another 'messy ' quarter panw chkp csco ftnt
rt @peterfrost : sounds like more job cuts coming to mcd . in addition to cutting 500mm of g/a by end of 2018 , expect to cut 5-10 % more .
rt @ernestscheyder : of 25 wall street analysts tracking @exxonmobil , only 5 say buy stock . most analysts say buy @chevron
7 tweets that ruined careers twtr
wow intc you ca n't find buyers today ?
no matter how the numbers line up , snapchat is n't exactly facebook : fb
`` retail partners are just as important as corporate partners . '' baristas on paid parental leave tobeapartner sbux
sarepta stock seesaws on 2017 duchenne muscular dystrophy guide : srpt antm hum unh gild
in recently-released 10k , mcdonald 's adds `` trade measures '' to `` actions taken by government '' that could adversely affect its business mcd
rt @thestreet : no matter how the numbers line up , snapchat is n't exactly facebook : fb
gracias amigo ! spx 2800 bubble here we come ... thing about bubbles is they always have a crash ...
when i wrote this was 25 % sure spx was headed for bubble , now 75 % sure ... for every action , equal & amp ; opposite react
we ca n't jump or do parkour so ... yeah . this is scary . goog
vrx is this going ot be like a 1 ... 2 ... or 3 year process before 0 ? it 's already been a few .. how much more confirmation is needed lol
my price target on vrx has been 0 for a while . published when stock was 90 .
breaking : valeant discloses sec is conducting probe into possible securities law violations by salix ; vrx down as much as 6.1 %
nope . long em , commodities , euro financials , private energy , private equity ( all beating spx ) and increasing cash
spy has gap support at 238.37 . digesting above this would be constructive for higher prices . pivot resistance is 240.32
spx futures -3 after another big move to ath 's . maybe an inside day today above support at 2380. pivot resistance is 2400
rt @philipvandoorn : here 's what apple and a chicken processor have in common for this fund manager aapl safmf htt
solarcity quietly cut 3,000 jobs ahead of tesla sale - tsla look for thousands more as musk changes sales approach
i thought msft was a `` day 1 '' to get momentum back . did n't hold a third or half to keep commitment . so i sold for a loss
nflx now below 8/21 day and took out yesterday 's low of 142.10 . 140 is a big level now - below that . take care
after huge rally , market looks mixed as catalysts appear to be lacking spy uso vxx f gm
it just keeps getting worse for cat ... . caterpillar illinois facilities searched by law enforcement via @newsmax
where 's that guy who screamed at me about how great nvda is ? oh i remember , i blocked him .
mcdonald 's ceo : traffic is n't soft , it 's down mcd pnra
- tsla ca n't deliver anything on time
by the time the fbi entered crazy eddie 's premises all the documents were gone per our `` scorched earth '' policy . cat
i just searched cat facilities and found nothing
rt @canuck2usa : nvda inside and down daily bear flag today
@mikhail507 @jack hey do n't forget mayer at yahoo . she could be the worse . then jack . i 'm waiting to give snap a chance . twtr yhoo
more : federal law enforcement agencies began serving search warrants earlier today against @caterpillarinc cat says @wsj
blackberry 's head of strategy and acquisitions , jim mackey , tells me he left the canadian company in mid-february . bbry bb
more : irs , fdic and u-s attorney for central illinois reportedly part of investigation of @caterpillarinc cat
nvda could n't stay away - more lods
rt @thestreet : `` mcdonald 's is definitely late to the game ( but ) this may not drive growth '' mcd
if cat has a smart pr dept , they 're issue a statement before the close . ill be out by 4pm one way or the other .
so many ways to spin this . spx ndx bear plunges to death from helicopter via @nypost
rt @cnbcnow : new : feds seeking tax docs in search at cat facilities ; tax employees asked to leave building - nbc affiliate week
shares in caterpillar cat down 4.2 % & amp ; the main drag on the dow on reports of a law-enforcement investigation markets
stocks in retreat from yesterday 's record highs : djia -0.4 % , with a 4 % drop in cat a major drag on the index .
spx market sinks as everyone sells to buy snap
yahoo punishes ceo in latest fallout from security breakdown yhoo
cost on deck . frozen in the same amber tomb as the rest of retail until there s a pointless trade war decision
cat confirms raid involves csarl matter involving taxes
cost put seller in advance of earnings . `` you go in for milk and paper towels and you come out with a tv ''
rt @markbspiegel : basically , he bailed out his personal investment in scty using tsla stock , and now will quietly shut most of it down to
rt @seanansmith : cost falling on earnings miss & amp ; disappointing same-store sales @yahoofinance
breaking : costco cost q2 earnings per share ( eps ) , 1.17 vs. 1.36 expected
today s stocks losers : juno , shak , cat
iwm has been choppy and lagged recently . yesterday pivot low is 138.64 to use as today 's pivot .
spy sitting on wednesday 's gap as other sectors filled or started to fill theirs . 238.21 is today 's pivot . gap goes down to about 237
years of federal scrutiny lead to caterpillar cat hq raid
so that 's why cat still trading under 94 this morning .
wcu : gold and silver hurt by march rate-hike prospects oil wobbles by ole hansen oil gld slv
twitter must be crying , just that old stock people used to talk about . bye bye . twtr . snap has got everyone 's attention now . snap
why nomura initiated snap at reduce with a 16 price target fb snap
most indices below yesterday 's lows . getting day 2 down . spy pivot was 238.21 for continuation . gap is open down to 236.95
vrx row row row your boat
us stock indexes edge lower in afternoon trading ; oil rises cost luv
rt @cgasparino : even bankers say tech stock ipo valuations are too high and preventing cos like cos twtr from being sold later more now @f
squawk : commitments of traders tables covering the positions help by managed ... by ole hansen oil gld slv
the stephen king of sec filings . by tsla
now with complete tsla china 2016 dataset , courtesy @jato_dynamics mystery continues
being good at suffering stocks spx
indices have started the week on the back foot , with some small moves lower . ftse dax spx
rt @kantar : across asia pacific , consumers are looking beyond facebook and testing newer , more visual social media
so far being tactical from last week is helpful . spy spending some time below 237.73 . see if it stays below
been reviewing all short calls ( front of calendar , covered calls ) to buy back or roll down today . have only adjusted googl ... ...
11 quotes to teach you how to invest like ben graham , the man who taught warren buffett spy
a decade of smartphone growth fizzles . what 's next ? aapl goog vz
short sellers : what 's it mean for a stock to be 'hard to borrow ' ? snap spy
rt @shonaghosh : amazon handed over alexa recordings to the police in a murder case amzn by @shonaghosh
rt @lamonicabuzz : snap is set to fall again . fb had a tough go too at first . but is snap more like twtr ? i 'll discuss w/ @maggielake on
spx futures down 2-3 handles as tape drifts and gets lethargic- levels & amp ; thoughts
12 dividend aristocrats for every month of the year , via kiplinger xom cvx t
testy tuesday - 11,550 or bust on the nyse aapl nya dia spx ndx ba hd ibm
that little lower shadow closes the gap from sotu for spy
dks trade should look familiar to sig prgo lb vrx and all the others - same idea
radioshack to kodak ; these companies fell from grace the hardest aapl amzn bbry
@quagmires i do n't love today 's move in tsla with the rejection at the 8day . so i am flat it
@frankmazza3 haha . if snap buys twtr it would definitely be the worst company mistake in tech history . aol -time warner . snap is fine .
buffalo wild wings -- the wings cost too much bruh bwld 
weakness persists across indices , although we have only seen modest losses over the past week . ftse dax spx
wed starts more risk-on for stocks than mon/tue . nikkei , shanghai lagged but ftse , dax , us futures hold above flat line . spx dj
spy pivot low from yesterday is 236.76 . use that today to see if we find support around it . or get and stay below . 235ish next big spot
@ladyfohf @ivanthek you guys are right , iphone tweets do bridge the gap between genders and political party . seems bullish ... aapl
. @toyotamotorcorp exec , off-the-record : `` if you think we ever discuss tsla at the office , you are off-the-rocker . ''
juniper 's gary clark joins tsla as chief information officer via @reuters
not if there is a belief that the `` cooperation '' was n't honest . that 's justice.. cat
facebook to face mps over failure to remove problem images | technology | the guardian fb
cat call 1230pm @hedgeyeindstrls
has walmart finally created the endless shopping aisle ? if so , amazon should be worrie wmt amzn
every company exposed to the cia cyberhacking scandal aapl fb goog
the earnings recession has ended , but that does n't mean earnings are good enough to support more gains spx
`` investors should be increasingly concerned about the investment risks associated with cat shares '' @hedgeyeindstrls
the twittersphere responds to the vault7 cia cyber hacking revelations aapl xlk
three years ago , analysts called for tsla 2017 eps of 8.87 . avg pt 216 . now ? 1.73 a share loss w/ higher pt
beware of ides of march expiration mismatch vxx vix sonar report : via @youtube
america 's trade deficit since 1992 in one chart spx spy
parkervision : another case of 'sell the news ' prkr qcom
arista networks ' software strategy could jar cisco even more : anet csco msft googl fb
oil sooo heavy . giving bulls second thoughts in some other sectors . watch yesterday 's lows spy , iwm is below it . fas ugly candle
i used the @google vision api to try and see what their algorithm thought of trump . `` unlikely to be an adult '' sound
rt @katekelly : icymi : terrific scoop today by @jessedrucker on questions of tax , accounting fraud at cat
snap falls below opening price ; how long did twitter and facebook take to do the same ? fb gpro snap
starbucks shares under pressure amid concerning xad market share data dnkn sbux
citi set to ring the nyse closing bell . no , not to celebrate the 8th anniversary of c trading below 1 ( reverse-sp
a popular theory is that instagram is stealing ad dollars from snap . not so fast , @adweek 's @martyswant says .
did the cia clear the way for high-profile cyber attacks ? antm cost cvs
spy pivot low from yesterday is 236.40 . for today , see if it gets below & amp ; stays below , then 235.25 . or get below & amp ; reclaim for a bounce
good ol boy club : bank of america exec describes former employer bac @bankofamerica
gale assets for sale
rt @marketcurrents : eni sells mozambique stake to exxon for 2.8b premarket xom e
no , it 's not actual irish coffee , but beggars ca n't be choosers and @starbucks gave it a shot . sbux
`` doomed '' opec alliance with u.s. shale oil impractical and illegal @jkempenergy ceraweek oott saudi xom gas
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures down ; jobless claims data in focus ges shld sig spls tlrd spy uso
rt @deoneroberts : good ol boy club : bank of america exec describes former employer bac @bankofamerica
sig deeply engaged in talks w/ gs on outsourcing credit denies manipulating our numbers or our customers . wow . this is something .
what would iron ass say ? xom
spx futures down 2 as divergences persist- some levels and thoughts to plan the day .
most clayton clients were pwc auditees . gs , baba , jpm , eni , ally , barclays . @mattgoldstein26 @nyt adds vrx , vow to earlier @ft story .
axp like jpm 's sapphire exec does n't want u to game signups for rewards.but will keep offering them @jennysurane
rt @tischendorf : the 'safe ' and 'easy ' move is to raise cash here . spy hitting new highs before correcting would hurt traders . markets lik
rt @hedgeyehwp : looks like the ceo of bwld does not want to face the music and sent the cfo of 4 months to tell the story .
american , like delta , wo n't match the guidance it issued in january aal dal
rt @sam_l_shead : twitter has shut down its office in berlin twtr
a sense of foreboding as stock bull market nears 8th b-day spy dia via @barronsonline
tsla : amazon , aapl comparisons fair , not a reason to buy via @barrons
a look at historic fed rate hikes and their negative impact : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
stopped on fast
iwm reclaimed 135.78 after making a low of 135.61 . not that convincing
rt @cheddar : . @vfhive 's @nickbilton would n't invest in uber , saying he does n't think it will exist in ten years . here 's why . cheddarlive 
for for 1st time in 30 years tnx appears to show a breakout above trend . low rates have sustained high debt . what
this whole thing is silly . -- & gt ; fb launches snap feature to enhance pics which last only 24 hrs . emperorhasnoclothes they disappear
rt @thestreet : staples closed 48 stores last year & amp ; will shutter another 70 this year spls amzn
@ophirgottlieb twtr just gon na slowly bleed until it finds some semblance of support . they have 2.4b rev but no one cares b/c jack .
staples closed 48 stores last year & amp ; will shutter another 70 this year spls amzn
markets edge higher ; oil drops under 50 ; caterpillar falls again : jnj gs jpm cat xom rdsa baba ntes wb
rumors abound the iphone 8 may be delayed : winners and losers aapl qcom stm syna
final trade : wfm because of the massive april 30 call buying
valeant will tumble further - vrx when 77 we noted it was going way further . wall street is deaf , you are not .
with xle below 200day iwm below the 50day . in my morning call we discussed the spy at least testing the 21day .
calls for pwc to be replaced as cat auditor , among other changes
with u.s. economic data heating up , the burden of proof to the contrary is on the bears spy economy
tesla has a compelling long-term story , but will face near-term headwinds tsla
draghi day , crude dude , & amp ; trending thurs . discussed : elf , tlrd , rad , aig , fate , ulta investools
a bug in google s amp pages is inflating traffic metrics via @yahoofinance - googl
us stock indices down just a touch with around half an hour to the close . djia -0.1 % , with heavily-weighted component ibm falling 1.4 % .
rt @cnbcclosingbell : light guidance taking ulta beauty lower after hours . ulta
on march 9 , 2009 , the s & amp ; p 500 had lost 37 % over the piror 8 years . in the 8 years since it has gained 309 % . spx
credit suisse says plan to hire refugees damaging starbucks brand and sales sbux -- -
the market in 5 minutes spy fb snap tsla rds aig atu cpt ges ions
most acquisitions are finalized at a price that leaves some shareholders sitting on a loss hpe nmbl msft
@weeklystockchar check out our earnings estimate for adbe here :
. @adamfeuerstein talks vulnerable pharmaceuticals , drug pricing under trump gild ibb mrk xbi
i have no idea what gild should do - way above my pay grade - but pretty sure it 's not buying their own shares .
world bank tribunal annuls venezuela damages reward for exxon xom oilprice
starbucks ceo 's refugee comments sour customer views of chain : survey | reuters sbux grc
will the real health of starbucks business please stand up sbux
i didn t wake up to news of gild buying incy .
rt @street_insider : mobileye mbly halted , news pending ( earlier reports of takeover by intc )
fodder for bears : this is the most overvalued stock market on record even worse than 1929 spx djia
buffalo wild wings franchisees voicing support for company management in its fight v. marcato . bwld
2000 was height of craziness in tech bubble , some of fang likely to suffer same fate . aapl is actually cheap ...
this long spy and short tlt getting a tad long in the tooth .
mbly buyout . who else is affected ? momentum mon . discussed : a , amd , tsla , pki , celg , cb , cbs investools
rt @megtirrell : vrx dropping after hours on @davidfaber scoop
ackman throws in the towel on vrx
valeant plunges on bill ackman sale . pershing square throws in towel , exits position . vrx down 12.5 % premarket .
bill ackman is out of valeant vrx
rt @melinanders : ackman loses out on some 6.8 billion by selling valeant at 11 instead of 262.51 high . vrx
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures down ahead of fed meeting spy uso dis dsw eeft mgi vrx rt
agn edit in crispr development pact for eye diseases .
spy has yesterday 's pivot low at 237.24 -we 'll see if we get another quiet inside day . or not . use that as your pivot
hedgeye sell call on cat yesterday joy
@carlquintanilla @jimcramer supermarkets were sold out pre-storm ; if you need stuff today amzn wont make it . weather = retail part of life
oil falls again : saudis report output hike after warning u.s. shale companies xom cvx
i 've written about two chesapeake energy directors bravely buying stock . chk @barronsonline
rt @wallstjesus : googl may bull sweepers detected
how much money did bill ackman lose in valeant ? vrx
spx stocks sell-off as money floods into anniversary gifts .
fed meeting takes center stage even as blizzard bears down on east coast spy uso vxx
rt @bryantanders75 : twtr @jack you are not even paying this guy & amp ; this would increase site traffic by tenfold . what is going on over there
shares of aal , dal , ual , jblu and hd getting hit by winterstormstella @thestreet
almost exactly one year ago , @matt_levine wrote `` ackman 's valeant investment keeps getting worse '' vrx
your tax dollars subsidize amazon . are the jobs worth it ? amzn
the best and worst mobile app performances in q1 : bad news for snapchat snap p ebay expe nflx yelp grub
rt @scottgamm : shares of aal , dal , ual , jblu and hd getting hit by winterstormstella @thestreet
intel inherits mobileye 's problems intc mbly nvda
@holon @elkwood66 and andrew ate humble pie and said he got it right , and on vrx and maybe tdg he 'll eat 'fuck ya ' pie
rt @herbgreenberg : @davidmaris to @scottwapnercnbc on why smart people got vrx wrong we re all human ain t that the sad truth !
another drop for oil prices pulls stock indexes lower hal mro nasdaq dowi gold
why ackman s exit may not be the end of valeant s stock plunge vrx
creepy new app matches pictures of strangers with their facebook profile within seconds privacy fb
live : william ackman sells pershing fund s stake in valeant vrx -
this spx chart signal could mean it s time for the bears to pounce :
both companies have been viewed as one-trick -- or maybe two , tops -- ponies gpro fit
rt @ali : well that makes at least two people not prepared for a 3 a.m. phone call , @hillaryclinton and now @jack . twitterhack twtr
rt @jamesliamcook : a twitter tool was hacked and it caused some famous accounts to tweet about nazis twtr
stock investors may want to monitor these charts for early warning signs : uso xle xom cvx hal mro clr oas
how to lose 4 billion : bill ackman 's long ride down on valeant vrx
shares of vrx are still sliding as the stock slipped more than 10 % and billackman unloaded his stake .
new filing discloses raises for bank of america s top executives bac charobs
jpmorgan 's aviation conference concludes ; expect volatility in airline stocks aal alv cpa luv ual save dal
xlf pulling back on fed rate hike news . coming up : - former @wellsfargo ceo dick kovacevich - former fdic chair
netflix 's international headwinds appear muted amzn nflx
jpm downgrades vrx credit to neutral , sees best case sotp ev of 31.3 billion .
amazon has begun betting it can have its cake and eat it , too . amzn
goldmansachs ceo caught slumming it at four seasons bar to meet old gs staffer . coulda just gone to white house .
mcdonald 's tweets at trump : you 're a 'disgusting excuse for a president ' mcd twtr
this feels really meta posting this on twitter , but is twtr the `` worst stock to own '' ? chris sacca thinks so
@carlquintanilla i find it interesting that goog is trailing the s & amp ; p on a yoy basis
the intel-mobileye deal caused this analyst to downgrade sirius xm intc mbly siri
trump travel ban : apple , google , facebook skip legal challenge to newban aapl googl fb
what does the market think about tesla and its new 1 billion raise ? just look how tsla is trading right now :
mcdonald 's calls trump a 'disgusting excuse for a president ' , claims its twitter account was compromised mcd twtr
rt @jayelang : gs ceo lloyd blankfein does n't mind losing employees to the whitehouse :
rt @lamonicabuzz : who sabotaged mcdonald 's twitter account today ? a bitter democrat ? trump supporter trying to make mcd look bad ? the burg
who sabotaged mcdonald 's twitter account today ? a bitter democrat ? trump supporter trying to make mcd look bad ? th
rt @fiercepharma : allergan , teva claim top spots in gaap vs. non-gaap hall of shame agn teva
pete najarian sees unusual options activity in alcoa aa
us households are pretty fully invested in stocks . and btw , long-term returns are not looking good . spx
absurdly strong trend in adbe . the street is n't all that giddy over the stock , though . average analyst price targe
rt @anorajourno : us households are pretty fully invested in stocks . and btw , long-term returns are not looking good . spx
7 of 12 @mcdonaldscorp directors are over-tenured . avg . tenure : 10.2 years via @boardex
vrx is jcp'ing lol
live : mcdonald 's twitter account attacks trump - mcd says account was compromised
mnkd q4 afrezza sales 1.3m . ouch .
snap carries 'significant risks , ' moffett nathanson initiates at sell snap fb twtr
volatility hedges ahead of french election , @russellrhoads details a multi-lot uvxy call spread
yes , someone is actually keeping track of this vrx :
amzn the impact of earnings on amazon covered calls
hedging against the french election spy
trump may bring home apple , but he ca n't lick robots aapl utx mdlz nke
amzn - pacific crest lowers price target based on pressure from azure and gcp on its aws business .
the british government currently is n't thrilled with google googl
cramer 's stop trading sbux
whenever goldman says its government ties are a liability , i think of this 'quiet ' 2008 meeting ht @katekelly
us health shrs lead downside . blame amgn on bad test results for cholesterol drug . adbe lifts techs on profit beat spx , dj flat/dn
esperion falls victim to amgen 's poor repatha results amgn espr regn
@dubois missing from the convo is the decline of customer service . with amzn consumers no longer have to deal with terrible attitudes
market drifts lower ; financials drag ; mcdonalds nears breakout : mcd ba gs adbe amgn snap mule ccl ntes
rt @gigabarb : what does this analyst have against amazon amzn ?
for 1,900 , you can get an iphone 7 that looks like an old school macintosh pc aapl
rt @timothysykes : this is how you make 1,000 in one day on a 3,000 investment aim small , miss small fb twtr
nke street expects yoy qurtrly ni decline on 6 % rev growth/declining margins , valuation still reasonable @22x 5 % avg mov v 3.7 % implied .
main focus today vrx on the short side out of the gate ... morning push fail and the rest was
spx coiled spring
rt @jeffmacke : has ackman ever made anyone money ? it 's complicated ... spx spy vrx hlf tgt
rt @ldelevingne : . @gmorgenson on ackman 's vrx blunder
when ea gave modest 6m unit guide for mass effect , i guess they knew game 's state . initial reviews disappointing -
3 lessons from bill ackman 's 4b trading loss in valeant vrx @yahoofinance
rt @sanglucci : call sweepers just relentless in this aapl multi-day :
rt @aaronback : the economist : if jp morgan 's balance sheet is a fortress , citigroup 's is a nuclear bomb shelter . j
gilead : wait , it 's pipeline is n't completely barren ? gild via @ben_levisohn
rt @ukarlewitz : spy down 3 days in a row . last 5 yrs , n=60 . when spy above it s 50-d ( like now ) all except 4 closed higher w/in 5 days
rt @cnbcclosingbell : ebay ceo @devinwenig says the last holiday season was the end of retail as we know it :
3 lessons from bill ackman 's 4b trading loss in valeant vrx
rt @earningsscout : when xle earnings were crashing pundits would quote spy eps ex-energy . almost 1/2 of 2017 profits = & gt ; energy . no one st
one popular stock could be headed for a 1929-style crash . is it yours ? a quick test ... amzn nflx amzn aapl
rt @ophirgottlieb : nvda shh ... how to use options to profit from nvidia ( long )
is the bank rally over ? bac jpm via @investopedia
rt @nod008 : how you felt when you `` sold the amzn top '' 27 points ago ...
u.s. used car prices plunge most in any month since 2008 : f gm tsla
rt @charliebilello : the s & amp ; p 500 just dropped 1 % intraday , bringing to an end the most peaceful market in history . spx
could be the first time the qqq 's are below the 8day in 2017. need measure market health each step .
investor quiz . this chart is of ( a ) the ebola virus or ( b ) the xlf ?
rt @timothysykes : wow the dia spy qqq are really speeding up to the downside , finally ! glad i warned longs in chat earlier today , do n't
@stockcats @ow twtr is cats the whole way down .
vrx who sneezed ?
wow . it actually happened . the s & amp ; p 500 dropped 1 % in a single day . the streak is over : vix spy voo
twitter suspends more than 636,000 accounts to tackle extremism twtr
as go banks , so goes market ? not seeing real catalyst for today 's slide . but banks lead way down . bac c jpm gs wfc . xlf etf down 2 % .
addendum : some of us who are being marketed to by adbe , crm , orcl do not enjoy the experience
rt @neilblalock : big spike up in 20 day lows on spx . couple that w/ big negative tick . i.e things to look for on a washout .
vwap from election back in focus on iwm
why bank stocks are getting crushed bac ms gs via @ben_levisohn
dow laggards right now : gs , cat , ba
bank stocks suffer as financial sector drops in broad market decline bac -5.6 ms -4 %
so there it is ... the 1 % + drop for s & amp ; p 500 ... 1st since oct 11 , if we close by that amount ... spy
djia , spx down 1 % for the day ... first time since october
market is not really down 220 points today ... it 's fakenews spy is wrong ! ! @realdonaldtrump
nat gas investors gauging pricing impact of fickle winter weather dgaz ugaz ung
rt @optionsaction : c -2 % gs -3 % bac -5 % here s how @riskreversal said to play c
with apple well into overbought territory a healthy pullback is overdue aapl
the s & amp ; p small cap 600 sank 2.1 % , more than twice the decline of the s & amp ; p 500 's . sml spx wallstreet
fedex does not deliver . at all . earnings miss . fdx down 3.5 % after hours . keep eye on ups as well .
worst day for nasdaq since sept 9. worst day for dow dia since sept 13. worst day for s & amp ; p 500 spy since oct. 11. thanks @humonthemarkets !
tim cook needs to internalize this chart about ipads : @shiraovide via @bfly aapl
live : financial etf xlf down nearly 3 % - @mylesudland explains why investors are so scared
nike 's q3 results : sales in line with estimates ( 8.4b ) earnings beat ( 1.1b ; 0.68 /share ) gross margin miss ( fell to 44.5 % ) nke
fdx falling on its earnings report . @morganlbrennan giving us those numbers !
cue crying jordan ? or happy mars blackmon ? nike eps beat pretty handily . but revs miss forecasts . nke flat after hours . got ta be the shoes .
fedex reports q3 eps 2.35 vs 2.62 est. , adj . sales 15b vs 14.99b est . fdx
customers trust incumbents much more than tsla
is this the bottom ? spy voo
rt @ivanhoff : adidas vs nke ua in the past year . it 's not about valuation . it 's about creating products that people want to buy
shares of bidu fell on news that chief scientist andrew yan-tak ng will retire .
headlines are for suckers ( new blog post ) spy
rt @darrenheitner : nike nke down almost 6 % after hours in q3 revenue miss
spy below 233.58 . 50 day is down at 232.58
turn that swoosh upside down ? nike plunges on sales miss and outlook . nke hurt by weak u.s. retail environment .
nike is nose-diving right now . it 's down 6.2 % . but long-term investors clearly are n't panicking : nke
all major footwear stocks down this morning . nike and finishline are getting hit the hardest . nke -6.19 % finl -4.55 %
nke earnings . miss on future sales expectations . trades to 200 day sma . june otm put seller . @kpdavitt13 hosts .
today s stocks losers : aal , nike , pery
are we witnessing one of the most overvalued markets in history ? you need to see this chart today : spy voo
googl lost 25 billion in value after youtube 's ad problem via @recode
l , l , l , l , l , & amp ; maybe another l today . energy stocks heading for 6th straight losing days on the spx , longest since june , via @akeneotani
thoughtless thursday - trumpdon'tcare health plan gets a vote met sun tasr also amzn tsla oil ung gild
htz gettin ' hurt a bit :
2- then he can tell us how - as head of the sec - he would now view baba 's analytically worthless disclosures rega
what jobless claims , google searches and escort services can tell us about the stock market spy vice
rt @rodboydilm : vrx severs all ties with mike pearson , disclosed in just issued proxy .
rt @briandcolwell : tesla has significant disclosure problems ahead of capital raise - tsla
looks like that little today drop was a shakeout spy
spx it s been 2001 days since peak debt crisis on september 30 , 2011. stocks are up 107 % . but panic for sure
stocks turn lower as vote on health care bill is delayed vz t jnj unh googl hum f
'whole lot of competition ' makes whole foods a sell at ubs kr sfm wfm
are you losing sleep over a 1 % decline in stocks ? spx new post
crazy the amount of panic a small pull in spy creates - imagine the real one ...
oil vs. spy interesting how history repeats .
5-day chart of alphabet class a ( googl ) nasdaq 839.81 -9.99 ( -1.18 % ) see chart
decline to say what was modified | microsoft modifies windows 10 for china s government msft
think it 's great that twtr is thinking about a premium service for professionals . but their real problem is attracting more regular people .
twtr amount i 'd pay to draw pictures for a twitter sub service : 0 . you still owe me for f-ing up your stock .
only cost xom 4 billion in cleanup costs . the stock dropped 4 % in the next two weeks , was back to even within a m
feels like spy has disconnected from everything now ...
interesting that twitter has not broken the lows from last year while sentiment here is extremely bearish . twtr
commented on stocktwits : good point . but nke also talked about weak ret ...
our global `` recovery '' is actually a bubblecovery ( bubble-driven recovery ) . learn more on my website :
rt @stockstotrade : apparently our investor and adviser @timothysykes has been spending some time watching the squeeze on htgm with our hod
dow turns red as ryancare near death , but there 's a silver lining bac wfc gs hca thc
gs now at lows of the week after feeble bounce
most sectors got rejected right under yesterday 's highs . spy 235.34 thursday , today 235.04 . recent pivot low is 233.05
despite the huge quarter , there are still some micron skeptics on wall street . mu
spy broke below 233.05 and reclaimed that fast . a new low by only eleven cents
acha bill has reportedly been pulled ; paul ryan to hold press conference at 4 p.m. et spy ibb vxx
spy below last week 's low of 232.96 and 50day 232.60ish . we 'll see if sellers keep it below . or if those levels get reclaimed .
hoping old wall media gets consensus right freaked out so that i can buy my spy back
cramer 's stop trading aapl
in case you 're wondering ( and i know you are ) , the dow could post its first 8-day losing streak since july-august 2011 . djia
baidu to lay off thousands ? bidu
aapl note apple 's orderly and small decline -- then red this if you trade options
spx breadth 3:1 negative . tapes heavy all day ( with 2:1 negative breadth or worse ) tend to end that way . i 'm long ( healthcare ) but fyi
facebook 's filters and everything else it 's stolen from snapchat fb snap
rt @seeitmarket : new blog : s & amp ; p 500 futures trading outlook for march 28 - by @annemarietrades spy oil es_f ht
the only synergy between sq and twtr is the need to fire jack dorsey ! twitter and square fail greed
technically speaking : a shift in sentiment : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
the car lease bubble : a huge problem for auto manufacturers : = a product of record low inte
here 's the fascinating thing about the dow being down 8 straight days . it 's down 1.5 % in that span . djia dia :
black tesla worker says he faced racist taunts , violent threats via @yahoofinance - tsla trouble cc @armstrongcbc
welcome to the u.s. auto market aka the trade-in-treadmill : f gm tsla
trimmed some more bac . still in some . but less
`` the charge is that goldman sachs is able to extract certain advantages that others can not '' gs
rt @_davidelman : oh , snap , it looks like the miracle run may be over , with nke kicking it to the curb in @thestreet 's tstbracket challen
fear of missing out at the last stage of a bull market is justified , but consider dismal long-term returns spx
spx futures down 3 , was that the `` window dressing '' move , or do we see commitment ? spy
shares of aapl are down 0.1 % despite news of a big upgrade from ubs .
3 reasons deutsche bank downgraded f5 networks to sell ffiv
rt @web : saw a vc confused by wal-mart s purchase of @modcloth , the other day . as malls die , wal-mart is in position to be sole alternative
stupidstock move of the day ! dnkn down 2 % just because of gs sell call ? still looking better than sbux lately .
here 's the only stuff worth caring about from samsung 's new apple iphone 8 killer aapl
rt @sonalibasak : bill ackman is `` deeply and profoundly '' sorry for his investment in vrx , he tells investors . @cynthialkoons @bethjinks
a clear and present danger - an examination of the auto industry : by @lanceroberts f gm
had a little tour of we chat yesterday . was blown away . china is far beyond what i expected . looking at tencent . very interesting . tsla
why police think an amazon echo may help crack a murder case : amzn
@bamabroker @threepirates ca n't argue with that with inflation coming ... gld gold 2017
if facebook 's goal in this absurd ad push for fb live is to shine a light on how uncompelling that content actuall
@vsankholkar1 at this point twtr is a coin flip , i would n't recommend it & amp ; have already said so . i 'm just noting those fb ads are awful .
not anticipating a market crash , but think risk/reward of spx here is quite poor and if we get normal recession i
apple aapl to decrease iphone production by 10 % in 1st quarter of 2017 :
the 10 best spas in the world it 's important to treat your body right as trading is stressful fb twtr
icymi : why 2017 may be a more difficult year for microsoft than you thought . msft
pretty certain industrials xli do a complete round trip here , there 's no way a true infrastructure spending package passes , em is a mess
the bear cases for wall street 's darlings amat amzn fcx nvda nem mu
all the nvda haters gon na hate .
a man using facetime killed a 5-year-old girl in a highway crash . was apple to blame ? aapl mobile
fyi - aapl does n't have a duty to prevent you from being an idiot .
. @consumerreports says do n't buy the new macbook pro . here 's why : via @davidgoldmancnn
@atticusliu except they had @elonmusk tesla tsla
i love this bs . they ca n't mass produce . not a chance . there is already a better company called tesla . tsla faradayfuture
no thanks . tsla
wall street hits the brakes on tesla shares as elon musk 's push to ramp up shipments stumbled at end of 2016 : tsla
whatsapp warning - hackers can now steal bank account login with app | tech | life & amp ; style | daily express fb
rt @yahoofinance : live now : the dow moves closer to 20k , tesla tsla falls short - watch
live now : the dow moves closer to 20k , tesla tsla falls short - watch
coming up : watch @alexistvnews @rickjnewman @spyjared talk tsla , gas prices , lego 's robotics set at ces2017
little change in overall eps guidance for spx for current fiscal year since september 30 .
the amount of short interest surrounding tesla is near its highest levels ever right now : tsla
lone hacker defaces google brazil domain googl
the rationale behind cowen 's airline bearishness aal alk jblu save ual dal luv skyw
tesla falls short of vehicle delivery goal tsla via @nypost via @jamescovert1
gone in 2.39 seconds : faraday claims tesla-beating supercar - bloomberg tsla
alibaba is taking two vendors who have been selling fake swarovski watches on taobao to court :
'tesla killer ' faraday future may be dead-on-departure aapl tsla
tumblin ' vxx on todays vix sonar report in high def tattoos
a problem with gold gld
should anyone really be surprised by weakness at m & amp ; kss ? i bought almost every christmas present from amzn . i a
rt @ukarlewitz : consumer loan delinquency rate at a 30+ year low . likely see a rise before macro expansion ends spx
what does rex tillerson 's exxon mobil track record tell us ? ( hint : nothing good ) xom
criticism of xom 's tillerson deal : costly for shareholders , long-term holding jettisoned , board had alternatives --
rt @bthau : think amazon has the lowest price ? this leather bag is 49 % less at burberry @icsc retail pricing amzn
google sued by labor department over refusal to provide compensation data via @yahoofinance - googl
apple pulls new york times app from itunes store in china - aapl
been short macy 's for a while . it 's not a weak consumer , an awful ux & amp ; price vs amazon . not a sustainable business . same w dks m amzn
at the intc press conference where there are @oculus headsets and , as one analyst put it , `` f*cking huge laptops . ''
2 reasons buying tableau software shares has become riskier data amzn msft
on the declining retail sector , @bondsfx says it 's hard to compete against amazon , but consolidation could be pivot
also , there 's all this discussion about quantifying reputational damage . how is amgn facing any reputational damages ? regn
i do n't understand the judge 's ruling here . how could monetary damages be inadequate ? it 's pretty easy to stipulate a royalty . amgn regn
amgen blocks competitors from selling rival cholesterol drug amgn regn
rt @andybiotech : regn sny presumably will file for emergency stay to postpone in conjunction with an appeal , which usually takes one year
re the amgn sny regn pcsk9 patent battle news of the day
fake news , farcical policies , and phony markets : @miningjunkie gold gdxj uvxy fcx wuc .
the market in 5 minutes : nonfarm payrolls lower than expected spy uso dis gbx hele rt wen mcd gpro hsy
friday already ? non-farm payrolls will set the table jobsreport uso spy iwm futures --
apple cuts ceo @tim_cook 's pay , citing performance aapl
how holocaust deniers ( and other conspiracy theorists ) get to the top of search results goog
apple 's sales slump is taking a bite out of tim cook 's paycheck : aapl
this was apple 's prototype for the iphone ( note the `` click wheel '' design ) via
the 15 days did n't work , but today is trading day 19 . spx spy
aapl : 101 % doomed . 101 % .
guess we have to put the office 's `` dow 20,000 '' cake back into the freezer for the weekend djia
ah well . you win some you lose some . apple ceo cook s 2016 pay lower as tech giant misses targets aapl via @wsj
q4 the 16th of past 20 quarters in which bottom-up spx eps estimate decreased while value of index increased .
@scrt22 @jack no problem . everyone wants to get in if we can get management out . twtr
rt @canuck2usa : look at built in biases make sure they are in check perpetual bear or `` i hate aapl `` etc that 's another train-wreck waitin
investors may want to chicken out of buffalo wild wings stock this year . bwld
more rumors . dis twtr
rt @timothysykes : the crucial question you must ask yourself daily and answer very carefully fb twtr
@n0rbie @syncubate @fijitime71 disney will use cash and debt and hopefully no stock . dis twtr
how close did the dow get to 20,000 ? on friday it traded as high as 19,999.63 : djia
@andrewbarranca6 @nytimes @starbucks i thought i was bad with coffee . you 're worse . any best practices for grinding . we own sbux
rt @timothysykes : i will always expose pumps like these learn to avoid them or even short sell them ! fb twtr
5 trade ideas for monday : aig , cme , honeywell , mcdonald 's and pfizer -dragonfly capital.. aig mcd cme hon
twitter gives martin shkreli a timeout - cnet twtr
are social media s ads for eyeballs valuations about to be eviscerated ? : twtr fb
how the f* & amp ; k do you even use lnkd seriously ...
the inspiration behind three new starbucks products launching this week : sbux
a recent gs note has `` make active great again '' in the title ...
baba 's jack ma says he 's `` 100 % committed '' to fighting counterfeiting except when he 's not .
how 's that corner shop working out for ya ? amzn
spx futures are down 2. upper intermediate pivot support is 2260. ca n't get to bearish if this continues to hold .
apple will reportedly release 3 new ipads in 2017 aapl
legal experts weigh in on the amgen/regeneron patent case amgn regn sny
rt @optionsaction : here s how @riskreversal is trading tech qqq
rt @sharkbiotech : looks like celg q4 beat by 2 cents and revenue slightly lower celg guiding 2017 up 7.1- 7.25 revenue 13-13.4 billion
baba lawyer was nominated to run sec while sec is investigating the company . now jack ma is meeting with @realdonaldtrump promising jobs
rt @barronsnext : ces 2017 : how under armour wants to beat apple . uaa ua aapl
bank of america sued for 542 million over fdic risk rule bac
young acknowledges gild has no control over slowing . says trying to push awareness with direct to patient campaigns . gild jpm17
for those who missed it , our report from may-2016 : alibaba s sec probe : what s missing from this disclosure ? baba
rt @politicopro : trump huddles with alibaba , despite piracy pledge , reports @tonyromm . baba | photo : ap
morningstar just downgraded msft credit to aa+ ; will others follow ? via @barronsonline
bofa sued by us regulator over unpaid premiums bac via @ft
. @riskreversal aapl is there a mispricing in apple s options ? my take via @yahoofinance
the djia fell today as oil prices slid . check out our complete post-market analysis :
rt @barronstechblog : china s big semiconductor push : investors , be wary , says morgan stanley - tech trader daily - amat intc qcom
cancelling signals stocks spx
. @tpoletti wrote about this `` company '' - a dumpster full of assets - after verizon-yahoo deal was announced yhoo vz
whole foods market cancels alberta openings as canadian expansion plan slows wfm
hmmm . @nickbilton sees twtr stock hitting single digits in ~1 year , he says on @marketplace
len @regeneron - & gt ; drug price hikes seeks to mask lack of innovation - contra regn cc @dnanexus jpm17
facebook 's hiring process hinders its effort to create a diverse workforce . via @technology diversity women fb
marissa mayer stepping down from yhoo board of directors
rt @joewalkerwsj : fair criticism of regeneron ceo 's pricing position . ( in the weeds , but argument is regn benefits from high price w/o hav
regn ceo says on praluent patent dispute he 's `` surprised '' that amgn feels `` they have to take this product from these patients now ''
i 'm in the regn breakout and can confirm , len is pissed off . jpm17
we talk about putting patients first , but i do n't think the industry does - regn ceo live at jpm17
you better resign from that board or altaba you ... . yahoo yhoo
rt @matthewherper : regn ceo : other people like to blame the fda we think they have been nothing but helpful
thank god the reign of terror ends . the worst ceo in a long time . what a horrid end . altaba . what a dumb name . why
clarification : when i said len was pissed , i meant about the praluent injunction and amgn . otherwise , he 's the same len . regn
in a year , @nickbilton says twtr will be trading at single digits .
bankofamerica is being accused of stiffing the fdic . bac
beware of these internet scams regardless of how alluring they may sound to you ! fb twtr
aapl shh ... an option mis-pricing may be upon us in apple
rt @bullfan2016 : adamfeuerstein : the grand ballroom at jpm17 , waiting for celg .
rt @ophirgottlieb : aapl shh ... an option mis-pricing may be upon us in apple
@xiongtx do n't disagree , just highlighting irony of trump-ma love-in given us grief baba gets for counterfeits , notorious markets list etc
just friday ubs took target up 50 , gs retraces back to where it was thursday now @zozotrader
rt @robenfarzad : in some adults , altaba could cause dry mouth , constipation and thoughts of irrelevance yhoo vz
. @jimcramer says you need to look beyond nvidia : nvda
alibaba is paying 2.6 billion to take china retailer intime private , a 56 % premium : baba
. @jimcramer calls banking stocks very tricky : c wfc gs bac
the mid day sneaky bac wiseguy
`` reject rex '' projected on state . dept . headquarters exxon xom trump
adrian day : a time for caution , though gold stocks look like good buys : gold gdx fnv
dow 20,000 frustrations : xom is down 6.2 % since trump nominated rex tillerson to be secretary of state on december 13th . wti no help .
consumer reports says it 's reviewing its decision to not recommend macbook pro after apple fixed a bug : aapl
what do you make of @realdonaldtrump 's meeting with alibaba 's jack ma ? what will those 1 million jobs look like ? cheddarlive baba
facebook challenges 2 billion lawsuit alleging its virtual reality acquisition @oculus stole key technology fb
first time in 9 years spx has ended unchanged on the day
turns out fang stocks were among biggest drags on a day when nasdaq comp hits a record high fb -0.4 % amzn -0.1 % nflx -0.8 % googl -0.1 %
rt @realjacobbell : vrx begins its trim-down phase jpm17
facebook s hiring process hinders its effort to create a diverse workforce - bloomberg fb grc
tesla digs up exec from apple , which musk mocked as 'tesla graveyard ' : tsla aapl nvda mbly googl intc
rt @crackedmarket : why smart traders are ignoring this price-action : spy spx es_f qqq iwm
whoa . nailed it ? : spy voo
himax : craig hallum cuts to hold as microsoft hololens fails to deliver himx msft syna aapl
fb takeover of nflx poll based on rumors
it 's really unsupervised learning , clustering , and natural language parallel processing that 's driving up amd & amp ; nvda . not vr / ar = bs
did rex tillerson just lie under oath about lobbying against russia sanctions ? lobbying xom
it 's not a discount , but rather a credit that can be applied to other purchases at amzn
trump believes china 's alibaba will create 1 million us jobs here 's why it 's not impossible baba
3 reasons @twitter 's revenue could decline in 2017 twtr
rt @yahoofinance : live now : investors digest trump 's threats , aapl 's hollywood dreams and facebook 's journalism - watch
follow through ? sweeperbrief - 01/11/2017 cyh aes mx gld aapl fslr vale stt
i agree it 's critical . however , rarely see it used by regulators to point to ceo/cfo as source of org toxicity .
study : pcs no longer a preferred gift item , as 2016 shipments decline for 5th year in a row aapl hpq lnvgy
thrilling thursday - rally resumes on dollar weakness xrt oil spx wfc slw gld
as traditional brick-and-mortar retailers cut jobs and close stores amzn
listen : @adambain on twitter , facebook , youtube , snapchat and the gloomy future of tv ads cc : @fmanjoo @jyarow twtr
the market in 5 minutes : jobless claims lower , trump conference shakes sectors aapl spy ibb mrk dis dal
trump reality versus trump fantasy . `` look at how good stocks do when i yell fake news at cnn . '' twtr
twtr will live stream paint dry at this point . time to sell to disney @jack dis
if iwm breaks lower red line , sell signals will extend to other 4th qtr leadership .
broadcom completes largest bond sale of 2017 via @wsj avgo
iwm broke two pivots . 135.42 and now below key support 134.40 . see if it stays below .
uvxy quick melt
if there were referees in the market today , they 'd be throwing all sorts of flags for `` off-sides '' positioning . spx ndx
investors in struggling u.s. retailers should n't expect a leveraged buyout to save them . bbby
ms : results wo n't confirm or deny any of this , but rather just show low growth against low expectations . 3/3
tough day for market . dow down 160. only 3 of the 30 stocks up . mcd and vz barely higher . but mrk up 1 % . continues to buck drug selloff .
the most frequent mistakes that lead traders to ruin spy
apple was lower by 0.9 % as investors continue to wonder if it will make a foray into original content :
pivotal downgrades 7 tech and media stocks ahead of trump inauguration adbe cbs crm disca ipg twtr dis
pace of apple innovation frustrates product fans , rewards investors aapl pypl
after a 13 % revenue decline in 2016 , goldman sachs could see a rebound to high single-digit growth :
taiwan semiconductor just gave apple investors something major to worry about aapl via @thestreet
futures give up some gains after bofa , wells reports wfc bac
want to supercharge ? you 'll have to pay up tsla
apple contemplates original content aapl by @biintelligence
i guess we 're all going back to using smoke signals . sell your fb shares and buy walkie talkies ?
rt @adamsinger : i guess we 're all going back to using smoke signals . sell your fb shares and buy walkie talkies ?
consumer reports changed its mind about apple s new laptops via @yahoofinance - aapl
how apple 's culture of secrecy wears down its top developers aapl
. @riskreversal thinks the industrials could drop . he 's trading csx to give himself some room to the downside .
earnings expected tues : unh ms csx ual ibkr - 5 largest u.s. companies by market cap . start your research :
here 's the spx and extreme periods of quiet ( & lt ; 12 vols in vix ) with vix inverted :
video : gs ' matt fassler on what s ahead for retail in 2017 after disappointing december data
rt @optionsaction : could it be time to bet against the banks ? @michael_khouw thinks so , and he 's got a c trade .
`` he wants to be emperor his friends say , about current emperor of fb - is genuinely terrifying
oh look . another descending channel . this was spy post election
33 % of spx companies have beat sales estimates for q4 to date , well below the 5-year average ( 53 % ) .
google and facebook gave more to republicans than to democrats : reports via @yahoofinance - fb googl paying to win
tesla is taking a huge risk with the model 3 and it may not pay off via @yahoofinance - tsla
video : gs ' matt fassler on what s ahead for retail in 2017 after disappointing december data .
inauguration day is less than a week away . will that impact your stocks ? here 's what you need to see : spy voo
under armour wants to beat apple . uaa ua aapl
watch apple try to prove its wacky new airpods wo n't fall out of your ears aapl
@adamsinger @krshya we expect twitter to be taken out this year and jack will be gone soon . twtr
rt @kennyfoley3 : nvda is growth over for nvidia ? by @ophirgottlieb
aapl how the option market has mis-priced apple earnings for the last three-years ... and yeah , it matters .
aapl owning call spreads in apple over last three-years and avoiding earnings ... whoa . backtester demo movie -- & gt ;
@mschmitt9 yeah def not conclusive . just sayin meeting rus oligarch ( who seemingly gifted 10s of ms in 08 ) days before elect seems fishy ...
a vxx put purchase from 12/30 that expired friday is broken down by @russellrhoads
qualcomm-nxp deal : trump talk raises concerns - nxpi could be better for nxpi ( long )
@cgartenhaus @jack @leslieberland jack thinks twitter is his and he fails to understand that it is not . we 're going to take it . twtr
nyse down volume near oversold levels spy via @jkrinskymkm spx
rt @vanessablum : mark zuckerberg testifies in dallas ip case , defends facebook-oculus deal via @john_council fb
. @businessinsider 's @alexeheath joins us to talk about zenimax 's lawsuit against oculus/facebook . cheddarlive fb
if you were looking at wall street you would assume ms crushed , it didn & amp ; 39 ; t , & amp ; lt ; 5 % beat -
nike and under armour could be wrecked by trump import tax ua nke via @thestreet
rt @jowens510 : ftc antitrust suit against qualcomm focuses on main business and apple deal , puts cloud over qcom rebound
oh , and a final lol ? goog went public worth 26.4b ( forbes ) . snapchat might pull the trigger at 30 billion . hmm .
@rjcc @bluechoochoo that too . what do you expect fb not even close to appropriately staffed for the size of their user base .
investors should heed morgan stanley s cautious note on bank stocks and roes . via @wsjheard ms
so , people are taking the idea that the us gov should buy gild seriously ? i 'd expect to see the gov order everyone to speak french first .
the group has been selling off ; c has 64 tbv , bought back 7 % will keep doing so . buy into any weakness .
c misses the estimize eps consensus by 1c and the estimize revenue consensus by 203.28m -
the bear case for alphabet googl
downside pre-mkt : pso , gimo , etrm , ccj , himx , tgt , csk , amd , ibkr , arry , uvxy , kss , ual powered by
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` did trump mark the bottom for solar stocks ? '' by @atmcharts tan tsla fslr
@maxjacobsedison donald trump would strip naked and dance the makarena before buying gild
ebay is up nearly 20 % over the last 52 weeks , but it still is n't worth it without paypal :
treasuries weak today as s & amp ; p and nasdaq-100 find a bid -- reversal trade in bonds could be interesting spy qqq zb_f zn_f tlt tbt
how to trade the negative reaction to gs and c earnings with @jeremynaylor_ig losses can
point view wealth management 's john petrides says nflx is overvalued , pointing to the emerging battle for original
upgrades & amp ; downgrades : disney dissed , halliburton hailed . dis hal burl
artificial intelligence , machine learning could threaten apps amzn bidu crm googl fb msft intc tsla
@nichcarlson it 's cheap . there is hope for the new iphone but i do n't think it will matter . new direction and ceo needed . aapl
@nichcarlson not following my @cnbc spots . yes . we 're very disappointed in apple . 14 pe for a reason . they have nothing going on . aapl
stocks little changed in morning trading on wall st , despite upbeat earnings from banking giants gs and c . djia and spx broadly flat .
nflx reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.02 eps and +1.33m revs compared to ws
davos ca n't even provide heat for the ceo of goldmansachs @serwer @alexistvnews gs
aapl shh ... . apple released its next big thing and nobody noticed via @sai
rt @businessinsider : facebook won t pay publishers for live videos anymore fb
ok once again a bank stock is down ( ie gs ) following great results which means the mkts are pricing in the downside of @realdonaldtrump
edward @snowden tells @bnn 's @bruce_croxon cantech17 blackberry claims it 's secure , but `` its really sad that this is not the case . '' bbry
kind of sing-song-y , is n't it ? `` citigroup near session low , ficc wo n't grow '' -- c wallstreet earnings
rt @hap_sneddon : led to bbry losing its way recall being on with @hainsworthtv talking the stk drop after jobs salvo . me : '' but they have th
rbc 's mark mahaney : no reason to buy netflix right now nflx
another big cell tx panel starting up here with . adap blcm pfe nk and celg .
rt @gilliantan : trump is n't the only reason goldman 's staff count is down via @bfly gs
and it 's about to embark on a round-trip back to active ... imo . spx ndx
breaking : netflix says houseofcards season 5 delayed to q2 . nflx hoc
earnings expected thurs : ibm unp axp bk bbt - 5 largest u.s. companies by market cap . research them here :
ten . more . days . @wholefoods a block from @nasdaq . hellolunch wfm
@rodboydilm at least one @realdonaldtrump nominee is qualified to take a chinese fraud public . he 'll be running the sec . baba
twtr
twitter sells fabric ... . here is how much they like developers twtr
china to slash ev battery prices by 40 % . tsla gigafactory price advantage evaporates . via @barrons
rt @jdmarkman : trump/reagan stock market comparators should be careful what they wish for spx
rt @wallstcynic : @bysamro which , if other nflx trends hold , would mean that netflix would have to raise 16 billion per year . investmentg
alligatorjaws always close ... eem spx
tsla escapes recall in probe of death linked to autopilot via @bloomberg
las vegas sands agrees to pay nearly 7 million penalty to resolve fcpa charges related to china and macao lvs
the trump error begins ! spy uso trumperror disruptj20 inaugurationday --
sell the news ? twtr stock down on inaugurationday even as twitter fan trump set to become president . @realdonaldtrump @potus @potus44
where there 's smoke , there 's not always fire : be careful with these 10 rumor mill stocks ddd feye prgo kors
boeing has a trillion reasons to be worried about a china-trump trade war ba aapl gm
while other companies ride the trump tide , boeing scales back amzn ba fcau
how amzn is becoming the kind of retailer it hurt
stocks that are down big today on the inauguration tgd bmy csx endp mnk aes wba alle efx alxn nsc ge
china gears up to take on trump even as domestic economy slows to 26-year low spy fxi
check out the s & amp ; p chart from today spx
rt @optionsplay : gild prints a new 52-w lo , weak rel . strength & amp ; bearish trends , look for continuation lower
nflx stock and marketing team are both on
i wrote about a fun recent streak the s & amp ; p just logged spx
rt @ldelevingne : bizarre link to platinum partners in this case gs
ibm selling put spreads every 30-days but _avoiding_ earnings 3-yr , 2-yr , 1-yr , 6-mos via @cmlviz back-tester :
twitter investors do n't care about trump 's new twitter handles twtr
why a hunter harrison bid for csx is n't as simple as it seems cp csx nsc
rt @mattrosoff : hard times for qcom -- aapl suing for 1b
hard times for qcom -- aapl suing for 1b
dear twtr , u are a disaster @jack ( see full pic )
apple sues qualcomm for 1 billion , alleging extortion via @forbes - aapl qcom
rt @mattmillercubed : tsla @elonmusk @ophirgottlieb @howardlindzon so , you 're saying i 've got a chance ? to survive the drive ? good on ya el
here are the last 6 months summed up with a cartoon . the stock market can have serious mood swings :
twitter mistakenly forces users to follow @potus ; facebook post calling out incident mysteriously altered fb twtr
the 7 biggest lies you 've been told about penny stock trading i got ta cut through the bs fb twtr
is nike bracing for a slowdown ? nke
nincompoop . twtr
trump 's likely pick to head the fcc wants to end net neutrality . cmcsa nflx vz
mcd or cmg , depending upon what you order
mark zuckerberg virtualreality is going to take some time to get where it needs to be . fb
coverage of all things volatility from last week vix vxx skew svxy uvxy
which of trump 's cabinet spots are still undecided ? fmcc fnma gs
mcd , googl & amp ; msft all set to report earnings this week .
toshiba : canon to the rescue , again ? ! via @barronsasia wdc mu
rt @jacobawohl : q4 earnings show wells fargo wfc is still losing customers // clearly c jpm bac and others are scooping up their busine
q4 earnings show wells fargo wfc is still losing customers // clearly c jpm bac and others are scooping up thei
mcdonald 's cites `` challenging comparison against the prior year '' for the decline in us sss . mcd
mcdonald 's comparable sales fall less than expected mcd earnings
spx futures down 3-4 handles here are some levels & amp ; thoughts to start the week .
yahoo faces sec probe over hack disclosure yhoo
but us comp sales , the most watched metric , fell . turnaround over ? mcd
yhoo - is the target of a sec probe over the 2013 and 2014 cyberattacks .
u.s. stocks open lower -- mcdonald 's third-biggest weight on the dow after 4q revenue miss , lower comp sales . mcd
amex is moving on from costco axp cost
this is why stocks are risky right now . spx vix
rt @matt_townsend : . @nike on list of companies at risk in a u.s.-china trade war via @markets nke
wall street is n't super bullish on the u.s. stock market . that may shock you . here 's the data . spy
rt @energzdeconomy : rextillerson now a shoo in for secstate after mccain , graham , rubio resistance vanishes . exxon oott xom
spy is playing with friday 's low . 225.97 . see if sellers keep it below ( or not ) 225.41 is week 's low . 50day is 223.44
qcom off 12 percent
let 's just flush this baby a little more for the proper short squeeze can we ? ? spy iwm
the only problem with hoodies is they contaminate your cell cultures . there were plenty of lab coats at vrx .
mcdonald 's may have been disappointing today , but @jimcramer says investors need to take a long-term view :
yahoo among many disclosing data breaches to sec via @wsj @cfojournal yhoo
rt @andybiotech : poor teva paid agn 40b just to assume `` all liabilities and claims relating to the operation of acquired assets ''
have to read the entire complaint because agn may not be selling those drugs any more.. so it is n't clear what the
the great american mcdonald 's comeback may be over . here 's why : via @lamonicabuzz mcd
rt @cfojournal : yahoo among many disclosing data breaches to sec writes @cfojournal 's @vipalmonga yhoo cybersecur
yahoo among many disclosing data breaches to sec writes @cfojournal 's @vipalmonga yhoo cybersecurity
auto parts retailers banged up as amazon moves in amzn aap azo orly ebay fdml dorm
as promised , president trump withdraws from the trans-pacific partnership spy
rt @corytv : how the @yahoo sec investigation might endanger the @vz merger . a discussion with @carolmassar yhoo ht
citi units to pay 28.8 million for giving u.s. homeowners 'runaround ' : watchdog | reuters c @cfpb
yahoo says sale to verizon delayed until second quarter via @technology yhoo
hal fell 2.6 % today after company announced massive quarterly loss - rival slb also dipped 2.5 % . another tough day for oil sector ...
`` pai indicated that a top priority under the new administration would be dismantling net neutrality . '' nflx
rt @cnntech : yahoo now expects its sale to verizon to be delayed : yhoo vz
. @apple 's legal assault on @qualcomm is a bid to rake back slowing phone profits . apple tech aapl
under armour is wall street 's new punching bag ua nke m addyy 
yahoo `` earnings '' report . yhoo
i don t think anyone is bearish enough on amzn over the near term , '' says @hedgeyeretail .
not really -- there is n't much that can be done against agn -- the sold the division..
`` no growth rebound or needle movers '' apple downgraded by @barclays pt 117 aapl
`` the administration 's policy on china is somewhat out of date considering where china is today '' - fdx ceo on trade , tpp on @cbsthismorning
insideetfs attendees : find us at booth 211 to learn how powershares qqq invests in innovation .
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures flat ahead of earnings reports spy uso aapl baba jnj vz yhoo
rolled ibm feb 170 calls to feb 175 , taking out 3.50 ( gives a negative 89c basis going forward )
@xvlucky1 it will need time now baba
benchmark 's dan kurnos previews ebay 's q4 earnings amzn ebay
@mcwm @apple maybe you can articulate their pathetic strategy . we have none , is what i think . aapl apple
study in contrasts today : verizon 's worst day in 5 years yahoo soars after earnings yhoo vz
verizon could enter long-term downtrend vz yhoo via @investopedia
stocks could remain range-bound until trump policy details become clearer aa aet jnj baba hum ba spy
i deactivated my fb account yesterday ; needed a time-out from social . have n't been able to pull the plug on twtr tho , at least not yet .
i 'm not adding to spy here . but holding from yesterday . adding on strength has been tough
. @barclays downgrades aapl do you agree or disagree with their call ?
i really wan na buy spy puts but 3:1 positive breadth telling me to chill .
the iphone8 wo n't help apple aapl
mcdonald 's lags behind starbucks , dunkin ' donuts apps and loyalty programs via @thestreet mcd sbux dnkn
aa just going stupid nuts on the car stuff , there are going to be so many dislocations in stock values because of this idiocy
join @hedgeyeindstrls @2:30pm to discuss `` trump policies vs. earnings uncertainty : a major risk '' xli wab txt de
julia says she was unfairly terminated from her job at @wholefoods after 15 yrs wfm reinstatejulia @wholefoodsdc
and then there was twtr
need more than this to recommend this one.. vrx
@brianfires no , you are wrong . long hlf and vrx is a zero .
unhealthy future ahead for fit ?
there is a possibility the blow-off is just getting started . see all sides spx
rt @goldmansachs : how will the us withdrawal from tpp affect asia ? gs economist andrew tilton explains on @bloombergtv
gld turning south at gap fill .
fintwitter reaction to dow20k twtr
3 near-term risks for apple bulls aapl
i hear @duked2015 lost his mom 's retirement buying twtr at 24
not sure where the next 10 % is but i can say with confidence these are n't levels to establish 'buy and hold ' positions , by and large . spx
- aapl apple solves biggest flaw with airpods : how to find them when they get lost
gary cohn swaps gs for dc for a nine-figure payout
geoinvesting : kandi technologies 'could be in serious jeopardy ' kndi
freeport earnings miss analysts ' estimates as indonesian sales volumes trail forecast via @markets fcx
too big to fail - it 's happening again : gs c jpm
stx excellent fade off the re-test and failed follow through momentum - love it when they do n't give any headaches and just work
going on now at `` government sachs '' gs
well , yes . the big problem is unwillingness to write a big check that saves money over time . gild
morgan stanley cuts apple estimates and predicts an iphone 7 sales slump for 2017 aapl
amazon could soon disrupt america 's largest clothing stores - amzn
5 out of 5 economists agree : there ai n't no such thing as free shipping . amzn
why apparel retailers moved higher on trump 's comments about the dollar coh gld hbi nke rl xrt
united airlines q4 beats , but q1 costs to surge ; csx q4 mixed ual csx
here we go again with c shortfall on equity trading but overall positive numbers
gs shares drop on earnings 1 minute @igcom chart 4q eps 5.08 , may not compare with estimates of 4.84
goldman sachs gs stock currently -1.6 % in premarket trading on 15k shares of volume in immediate reax to earnings .
rt @cheddar : to win the fight against fake news , @storyful 's @mjenkins says fb needs to incentivize users to read & amp ; share verified reports .
aapl already mentioned by chinese media as high profile target for retaliation in a trade war .
confirming the ovious . change needs to come to apple . fast . aapl innovation decline .
after realizing live video is hard to do , @kurtwagner8 says many people wonder if fb will pay publishers for premi .
podcast : back from davos @scaramucci on @cnbc splk hpt @kevinolearytv running nflx at the close : via
why i m not putting a lot of stock in these last gasp obama era cases against at & amp ; t , qualcomm , oracle t orcl qcom
@mansfieldforpa agree with both of you . they are stripping it down for sale . let 's see if they can get it done . twtr
at current levels , goldman sachs shares remain roughly 5.3 % below their all-time high of 247.92 : .
the app store is present in china , where app-related spending skyrocketed last year , and google play is n't : .
twitter sells fabric to google . this is a puzzling transaction as this is an app analytics company that twitter ads used . twtr goog
gs ' ceo lloyd blankfein talks markets & amp ; economic growth @cnbc @andrewrsorkin @beckyquick @joesquawk wef17
mixed mkt , vix up 5 % , nflx bearish sentiment , unusual activity tmus & amp ; hpt @jonnajarian
today s stocks losers : jcp , csx himx
@7wtc @filmprofessor9 @notabubble @yusschr too expensive now . missed their changce . nflx might be bigger than these companies soon ...
. @byrnerws no sense on timing ( selling 'news ' fri maybe too easy ) but the retest of spx 1580 is out there ( -30 % ) ; .
citigroup is the last of the cheap banks , c
netflix has no plans to show live sports nflx
rt @charliebilello : returns , last 10 years ... amzn : +2,038 % wmt : +80 % tgt : +45 % bby : +18 % bbby : -1 % m : -5 % kss : -27 % spls : -54 % jc .
stocks : - trouble for toshiba and takata - ecb announcement - watching @netflix tktdy tosyy nflx
this was a one of those mornings that if you listened to the news they scared you out vs trading the price action .
live now morgan stanley ceo james gorman ms @saraeisen @wilfredfrost davos
fb zuckerberg photos have an eddie haskell feel . the shot w cops looks like loquacious kid trying to talk his way .
wedbush : netflix is overvalued . reiterates under perform while the street goes into overdrive with price-target upgrades nflx
gs ceo lloyd blankfein sits down with @bloomberg 's john micklethwait at wef17
betting on stocks to go down not working out for shorts this morning favorite targets/percent float short tsla 38.2 % nflx 5.8 % chkp 7.5 %
big-box retail : fixed ! i 'm sick of watching retailers lose . here 's how tgt & amp ; wmt can beat amzn
rt @gdinges : whole foods closing 3 regional kitchens , trimming 500 jobs wfm
how will brexit impact @microsoft 's pricing ? the company 's ceo weighs in : msft
no bump to twtr for selling fabric ?
spy ( this friday ) update - large spread bought or sold ( don t know which ) at 224/225 . for now would see as support .
harry dent promo : stocks are gon na crash and `` owning gold during this crisis will only lose you more money ! '' gld
nvda now making its move ...
google is doing a terrible job at shipping its pixel smartphones via @verge - googl
live from trump treasury secretary pick and ex- gs partner steven mnuchin 's confirmation hearing . cheddarlive go .
apple could pay 2.1 billion in interest on unpaid eu taxes | channelnews aapl
target 's challenges 'look structural ' ; goldman downgrades to sell amzn tgt
first week of jan. , i predicted on our sports biz podcast that jack ma and his team would make a splash in 2017..
citigroup unit to pay 25 million over 'spoofing ' in u.s. treasury futures | reuters c
shares : can twtr convince investors of a strong investment case ? losses can exceed deposit .
next week regn and @society4science announce 40 regeneronsts finalists . check out what 's in store for these young .
u.s. closing tesla death probe , wo n't seek recall : source tsla
stocks mostly lower as trump inauguration looms ; real estate lags djia spx ixic
marriott ceo discusses how trump 's win could affect the travel industry mar wef17
as inauguration looms , market participants eager to hear policy plans axp ge ibm twtr nflx uso vxx spy
us regulators expected to close tsla autopilot death investigation via @fortunemag
dissecting the economy @realdonaldtrump is inheriting spy
rt @seeitmarket : the smoothed arms index shows the pullback that has already started beneath the surface spy trin
spx breadth *quietly* 3:1 negative *but* the px action in tran ...
if samsung wants to compete with apple , it needs to start making headlines for the right reasons : .
as part of nhtsa investigation that cleared tsla autopilot , feds looked at dozens of tesla accidents where airbags were deployed .
mcdonald 's beats on top and bottom line , but u.s. same-store sales declined 1.3 % via @thestreet mcd
. @nike on list of companies at risk in a u.s.-china trade war via @markets nke
apple is suing qualcomm for 1 billion and that 's slamming its stock right now : qcom aapl
q & amp ; a with hedge fund expert don steinbrugge : rituals , role models and investing in cannabis dia msft qqq spy
these starbucks baristas are calling for paid sick days tobeapartner baristaproblems sbux
the not-so-mighty q . qcom down 12 % after aapl lawsuit . overreaction ? or legit excuse to bail on qualcomm ? thoughts ?
how do pink sheets stocks work ? read up before you risk your hard earned money fb twtr
international customers ca n't get enough of mcdonald 's . but sales are starting to fall in america . so is mcd stock .
u.s. sales slow at @mcdonalds as co laps all-day breakfast success but growth continues abroad . mcd
analyst cuts iphone estimates ahead of apple 's q1 report aapl
what happened to all-day b'fast ? mcdonald s us sales drop for 1st time in 6 quarters /via @globeandmail mcd
chowdhry : oracle is 'toast , ' layoffs in sparc business amzn msft orcl
how apple 's lawsuit threatens qualcomm 's business model via @levynews aapl qcom
nomura cuts qualcomm 3 months after upgrade nxpi qcom
for all of its talk about hiring , ibm has been shrinking its workforce .
fb lookin interesting ...
who cares about yahoo ! earnings -- these two issues will dominate yhoo
busiest week in us reporting season sees 105 spx cos release results . so far not so good . mcd , hal lower on profit & amp ; outlook letdowns
rt @fzucchi : not sure if corp bond issuance makes it to 10b tdy . but it 'll b close ; spreads are a bit wider across the board spx spy
does tidal 's deal with sprint leave apple eyeing pandora ? aapl p s
'the international downward cycle is still playing out ' hal
the number of americans asking for unemployment benefits recently fell to 234,000. the lowest in 43 years spy tlt
foxconn 's u.s. labor payroll could cost 3x as much as chinese equivalent aapl
yahoo earnings after the close . but is this last one before core yhoo sold to vz ? ( assuming deal goes through ? ) there is no call w/ mgmt .
mcdonald 's focus turns to tech as all-day breakfast enthusiasm evens out , us comp sales cool amid strong growth
vz yhoo the tx is now expected to close in q2 of 2017. the company is working expeditiously to close the transaction in q2 .
yahoo delays deal with verizon , says now expects transaction to close in q2 2017 ; had previously expected q1 2017 yhoo vz baba
yahoo ! reports eps 0.25 vs 0.21 est. , sales 1.469b vs 1.38b est . yhoo
shares of boeing ( ba ) , exxon ( xom ) , and ge ( ge ) all fell today after trump signed orders to pull out of the tpp
after 2nd yahoo hack dislosure , looks like yhoo users did n't fully rebound following normal holiday seasonality
yahoo says it 'll take longer than expected to close the verizon deal . yhoo shares up 1 % -- a sign of just how much doubt is out there .
ceo marissa mayer says yahoo it was a `` uniquely eventful past year for yahoo . '' no kidding . yhoo
amazon buying an after-market auto parts company is 'unlikely ' aap amzn azo orly
alibaba is driving shorts nuts baba noposition
sold my googl stock here . 848ish . will sit in calls for earnings thursday
rt @lamonicabuzz : yhoo said in earnings report that vz deal merely delayed to q2 . but vz gave no timeframe . still assessing `` impact of d
rt @mparekh : abundance of options : `` google has a messaging app problem . '' goog via @wsj
the market in 5 minutes : alibaba beats , verizon disappoints aapl aet hum baba lmt vz jnj yhoo watt fdml
@lawandloubs sbux i 've been in do n't have the backend to support 3 lines of incoming orders . baristas working at a foxconn sweatshop pace
@lawandloubs is there a whole separate line for you elites or does everyone not using the app have to suffer your youthful savvy ? sbux
rt @jenishinbollywo : verizon communications inc. misses on earnings , beats on revenue @valuewalk spy
how did apple 's stock perform the last time it was downgraded ? aapl
2017 returns ... short vol : +26 % long vol : -21 % xiv vxx
yes i must warn you about this again because i care ! fb twtr
aa misses the estimize eps consensus by 6c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 79.28m -
isrg misses the estimize eps consensus by 6c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 2.11m -
breaking : alcoa aa q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 0.14 vs. 0.19 expected
my new blog post : `` does e-commerce suck ? '' amzn
commodities : diversification or diworsification ? new post dbc spy agg
rt @katekelly : gs lifts restrictions on departing president gary cohn 's stock , enables him to cash out tens of millions in shares + get 6
ebay 's single life is more volatile : shares have swung at least 10 % in 4 of 5 earnings reports after paypal split
news outlets are abandoning facebook live , instant articles in droves - fb this could be a disaster for twtr
crm never got serious with data
sorry , ipo fans : cisco buys appdynamics two days before it was to go public csco
breaking : freeport-mcmoran fcx q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 0.25 vs. 0.33 expected
trump 's top economic adviser is walking away from @goldmansachs with a 100m+ payout : gs via @jethromullen
lets talk to chuck robbins about csco 's bid for appdynamics
indie bookstores are booming because some people want that personal touch - and some boycott amazon amzn
is it time to short this tech giant ahead of earnings ? qcom qualcomm
apple shares are doing something very unusual aapl
if u want 2 see why retail is out of the market -look at the chart . everyone has been calling crashes since 2012
breaking : las vegas sands lvs q4 revenue , 3.08b vs. 3.11b expected
breaking : las vegas sands lvs q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 0.58 vs. 0.66 expected
breaking : qualcomm qcom q1 revenue , 5.99b vs. 6.12b expected
rt @sdut : apple expands legal war against qualcomm 's cellular patents into china . qcom
lvs misses the estimize eps consensus by 5c and the estimize revenue consensus by 71.78m -
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : qualcomm q1 eps 1.19 vs. 1.18 est . ; q1 revs . 5.99b vs. 6.12b est . qcom
qualcomm reports q1 adj . eps 1.19 vs 1.18 est. , sales 5.99b vs 6.12b est . qcom
ffiv reports inline with the estimize eps consensus and misses the estimize revenue consensus by 3.01m -
@sharatibken @qualcomm @apple yeah this qcom call is all about technology leadership , patents and disagreeing with apple 's assertions .
united tech the latest dow member whose earnings report is n't wrong , but just is n't quite right
google has banned 200 publishers since it passed a new policy against fake news via @recode - googl
ebay misses the estimize eps consensus by 1c and the estimize revenue consensus by 24.80m -
microsoft earnings : expect a bigger shift to the cloud . msft reports tomorrow :
rt @anshelsag : i do n't think i have ever heard such a rebuke as i did listening to this @qualcomm earnings call qcom
rt @anshelsag : @sharatibken @qualcomm @apple yeah this qcom call is all about technology leadership , patents and disagreeing with apple 's
rt @cnntech : . @americanair is eliminating in-seat screens on new jets aal
bac a short put with edge if we avoid earnings cmlviztm
sucking up to big oil tillerson , @elonmusk admits : tsla just one of the many car companies
@navelhunt does the market ultimately reward deals vs buybacks ? vs gild nvs etc . agree , jnj atln makes no sense on valuation basis
no joke : las vegas sands missed earnings estimates in part because of one gamblers excessive luck @jackycwong lvs
this is the one wall street benchmark starbucks badly wants you to forget about sbux
right now cnbc cat b'berg cat abc trump cbs trump fox trump fox biz trump msnbc trump nbc weather news ?
rt @marcomnyc : @ajinsight twtr has all the news yet the company still ca n't capitalize . they should sell pre-made follow lists..boom !
gilead defends hepatitis c treatments on reports of side effects gild
my blog post : `` does e-commerce suck ? '' ecommerce omnichannel amzn
yourmoney : peoria-based @caterpillarinc cat on reports a loss of 1.17 billion in 4th quarter
caterpillar december sales : not so much 'good ' as they are 'less-bad ' cat
downside pre-mkt : mat , agi mck , kold , eurn , has , whr , ul , lvs , pot , qcom powered by
investors certainly will have their questions when alphabet reports earnings after the bell today :
apple vs qualcomm is rapidly deteriorating into a brawl and , potentially , a war , says bernstein analyst stacy rasgon aapl qcom
i wrote this one last time cat warned on profit and stock rose , not today
ffiv intraday bear flag setup
sorry , @starbucks . uber has become the new bff of business travelers sbux
on my blog ... 'if you are heading to a career with the word hedge ... .run ' ... spy
trump 's policies have nike facing one of its biggest threats in history - nke
cat profit warning trims dow a bit . caterpillar says strong cuts 500m from fy rev outlook , & amp ; 5 % fr wall st 's 3.04 est
@pateltexas that scares me ... pcln w earnings really does . how does it look ex-earnings cmlviztm
rt @smileyborg : someone just cashed in their aapl rsus
mms murdering the chasers today , rewarding the spread sellers spy
whole foods is closing their remaining three kitchens : wfm
google 's parent alphabet reports earnings after the bell today , what concerns should googl address ?
a 15-year employee of @wholefoods says she was unfairly terminated from her job wfm reinstatejulia
rt @thebubblebubble : 20t in gov't debt means no lifeline for caterpillar`s declining revenues : @econmatters cat h
rt @chitribbiz : cat s earnings fall short ; inventory of used equipment continues to hamper sales
why the tesla model 3 may not debut this year tsla
shares of qualcomm were slumping because its main customer 'clearly hates ' the chipmaker : qcom aapl
5 huge mistakes i 've made that have cost me millions learn from when you really screw up lol fb twtr
my 1st explanation ( december 2001 ) of the continuation gap reversal trade unfolding in gld this week :
eschew obfuscation ! ! earnings releases are still a confusing mess say @linnaneciara @tomikilgore @retheauditors
donald trump is using a private gmail account to secure the most powerful twitter account in the world googl twtr
are @nintendoamerica shares still plagued by overdone bull run in 2016 ? msft ntdoy sne
the alphabet bear : wedbush 's james dix has the only `` sell '' on the street . he explains ahead of googl earnings & gt ; & gt ;
with comparable sales falling over the past 5 consecutive quarters , whole foods could be the next m & amp ; a target :
rt @mcwm : i just made a vaguely comical goog chart
@yusifsdk do n't trust the financials . proxy on china . we dont own it directly but we own iemg baba
i just made a vaguely comical goog chart
here 's why wall street analysts hate rating stocks with a 'sell ' rating coh spy
nice of them to not specifically say , `` do n't buy off stubhub , we hate those guys . '' ebay
bullpen capital 's davidson : more m & amp ; a , fewer ipos . csco buying unicorn appdynamics for example . appdynamics canceled ipo , sold instead .
analyst : apple 's sheer size makes it almost impossible to demonstrate 'explosive ' growth aapl
sorry dummy this is twtr all over again dummy : everyone is talking because of the changes i laid out yesterday
is mattel 's q4 miss the end of this toy story ? goog mat
coming up : debating the dow stocks - v vs. axp - xom vs. cvx - ko bull vs. bear
i will live-blog the alphabet earnings report and call with @jbooton . join us here for all the news from goog :
welcome to hell day for tech earnings season . on the docket : alphabet goog googl microsoft msft intel intc paypal pypl previews below .
selling half my qqq puts . when unsure , trade in-between .
a lot of things have been misunderstood about my time at yhoo @marissamayer gsbvftt
rt @gscareers : members of gs disability interest forum join @birchfamilyserv at the @nyse opening bell
rt @cnbc : earnings : alphabet q4 eps 9.36 adj . vs. 9.64 est . ; q4 revs . 26.06b vs. 25.26b est . googl
earnings : alphabet q4 eps 9.36 adj . vs. 9.64 est . ; q4 revs . 26.06b vs. 25.26b est . googl
rt @selerity : breaking : alphabet googl q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 9.36 vs. 9.64 expected
earnings : starbucks q1 eps 0.52 adj . vs. 0.52 est . ; q1 revs . 5.732b vs. 5.85b est . sbux
our alphabet earnings blog is now live , check it out for real time analysis & amp ; commentary googl
paypal down 2.1 percent to 40.75 in extended trading on eps miss pypl
just in : starbucks reports smaller-than-expected rise in quarterly sales sbux
rt @stocktwits : google dropped nearly 4 % in just seconds . here 's how it traded right after earnings . googl :
google dropped nearly 4 % in just seconds . here 's how it traded right after earnings . googl :
paypal ( although i always want to type paypaul ) numbers in line across board . pypl flat after hours . no big rally like former sibling ebay
msft saw + 900 ( seq ) in its prior q , so a slight acceleration of growth in dollar terms , not impressive in % terms
alphabet falls after missing q4 estimates goog googl
looks like a change in google approach to taxes for stock-based compensation cost it an earnings miss . goog googl
msft flat after hours , goog off just over 2.5 % . the goog change matters , but is n't material enough to cause op changes i guess .
alphabet cfo porat describes the co s scrutiny of moonshots : `` careful stewardship over amounts and pace of investment '' goog
analysts grilling googl execs on youtube , ai and hardware . getting little by way of specifics . q4 results mixed :
starbucks sbux cut future revenue forecasts , said `` environment is challenging '' shares down 3.7 % in after hours tra
@mikeisaac if you calculate what 's possible if/when someone hacks his twitter account and starts ww3 maybe wall street
white house chief of staff now says 20 % import tax just 1 of a `` buffet of options '' to pay for the wall wmt aapl
shoutout to fabric ... but no mention of twitter : ( goog
the msft call is live ( -- rumor has it that @fxshaw will sing a pirate tune after questions .
interesting how analysts appear obsessed with the topic of @youtube on goog s q4 2016 earnings call
`` lumpy '' -- msft drink . also did the call just die ?
is silicon valley the new frontier in journalism ? fb gci nyt crm mediaunderattack
facebook is going to push longer videos into your news feed fb
well , i have no idea what the acronyms just used on the msft call mean time for a nap
false precision stocks spx
breaking : freeport-mcmoran fcx q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 0.25 vs. 0.33 expected
trump 's top economic adviser is walking away from @goldmansachs with a 100m+ payout : gs via @jethromullen
lets talk to chuck robbins about csco 's bid for appdynamics
indie bookstores are booming because some people want that personal touch - and some boycott amazon amzn
is it time to short this tech giant ahead of earnings ? qcom qualcomm
apple shares are doing something very unusual aapl
if u want 2 see why retail is out of the market -look at the chart . everyone has been calling crashes since 2012
breaking : las vegas sands lvs q4 revenue , 3.08b vs. 3.11b expected
breaking : las vegas sands lvs q4 adjusted earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 0.58 vs. 0.66 expected
breaking : qualcomm qcom q1 revenue , 5.99b vs. 6.12b expected
rt @sdut : apple expands legal war against qualcomm 's cellular patents into china . qcom
lvs misses the estimize eps consensus by 5c and the estimize revenue consensus by 71.78m -
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : qualcomm q1 eps 1.19 vs. 1.18 est . ; q1 revs . 5.99b vs. 6.12b est . qcom
qualcomm reports q1 adj . eps 1.19 vs 1.18 est. , sales 5.99b vs 6.12b est . qcom
ffiv reports inline with the estimize eps consensus and misses the estimize revenue consensus by 3.01m -
@sharatibken @qualcomm @apple yeah this qcom call is all about technology leadership , patents and disagreeing with apple 's assertions .
united tech the latest dow member whose earnings report is n't wrong , but just is n't quite right
google has banned 200 publishers since it passed a new policy against fake news via @recode - googl
ebay misses the estimize eps consensus by 1c and the estimize revenue consensus by 24.80m -
microsoft earnings : expect a bigger shift to the cloud . msft reports tomorrow :
rt @anshelsag : i do n't think i have ever heard such a rebuke as i did listening to this @qualcomm earnings call qcom
rt @anshelsag : @sharatibken @qualcomm @apple yeah this qcom call is all about technology leadership , patents and disagreeing with apple 's
rt @cnntech : . @americanair is eliminating in-seat screens on new jets aal
bac a short put with edge if we avoid earnings cmlviztm
sucking up to big oil tillerson , @elonmusk admits : tsla just one of the many car companies
@navelhunt does the market ultimately reward deals vs buybacks ? vs gild nvs etc . agree , jnj atln makes no sense on valuation basis
no joke : las vegas sands missed earnings estimates in part because of one gamblers excessive luck @jackycwong lvs
this is the one wall street benchmark starbucks badly wants you to forget about sbux
right now cnbc cat b'berg cat abc trump cbs trump fox trump fox biz trump msnbc trump nbc weather news ?
rt @marcomnyc : @ajinsight twtr has all the news yet the company still ca n't capitalize . they should sell pre-made follow lists..boom !
gilead defends hepatitis c treatments on reports of side effects gild
my blog post : `` does e-commerce suck ? '' ecommerce omnichannel amzn
yourmoney : peoria-based @caterpillarinc cat on reports a loss of 1.17 billion in 4th quarter
caterpillar december sales : not so much 'good ' as they are 'less-bad ' cat
downside pre-mkt : mat , agi mck , kold , eurn , has , whr , ul , lvs , pot , qcom powered by
investors certainly will have their questions when alphabet reports earnings after the bell today :
apple vs qualcomm is rapidly deteriorating into a brawl and , potentially , a war , says bernstein analyst stacy rasgon aapl qcom
i wrote this one last time cat warned on profit and stock rose , not today
ffiv intraday bear flag setup
sorry , @starbucks . uber has become the new bff of business travelers sbux
on my blog ... 'if you are heading to a career with the word hedge ... .run ' ... spy
trump 's policies have nike facing one of its biggest threats in history - nke
cat profit warning trims dow a bit . caterpillar says strong cuts 500m from fy rev outlook , & amp ; 5 % fr wall st 's 3.04 est
@pateltexas that scares me ... pcln w earnings really does . how does it look ex-earnings cmlviztm
rt @smileyborg : someone just cashed in their aapl rsus
mms murdering the chasers today , rewarding the spread sellers spy
whole foods is closing their remaining three kitchens : wfm
google 's parent alphabet reports earnings after the bell today , what concerns should googl address ?
a 15-year employee of @wholefoods says she was unfairly terminated from her job wfm reinstatejulia
rt @thebubblebubble : 20t in gov't debt means no lifeline for caterpillar`s declining revenues : @econmatters cat h
rt @chitribbiz : cat s earnings fall short ; inventory of used equipment continues to hamper sales
why the tesla model 3 may not debut this year tsla
shares of qualcomm were slumping because its main customer 'clearly hates ' the chipmaker : qcom aapl
5 huge mistakes i 've made that have cost me millions learn from when you really screw up lol fb twtr
my 1st explanation ( december 2001 ) of the continuation gap reversal trade unfolding in gld this week :
eschew obfuscation ! ! earnings releases are still a confusing mess say @linnaneciara @tomikilgore @retheauditors
donald trump is using a private gmail account to secure the most powerful twitter account in the world googl twtr
are @nintendoamerica shares still plagued by overdone bull run in 2016 ? msft ntdoy sne
the alphabet bear : wedbush 's james dix has the only `` sell '' on the street . he explains ahead of googl earnings & gt ; & gt ;
with comparable sales falling over the past 5 consecutive quarters , whole foods could be the next m & amp ; a target :
rt @mcwm : i just made a vaguely comical goog chart
@yusifsdk do n't trust the financials . proxy on china . we dont own it directly but we own iemg baba
i just made a vaguely comical goog chart
here 's why wall street analysts hate rating stocks with a 'sell ' rating coh spy
nice of them to not specifically say , `` do n't buy off stubhub , we hate those guys . '' ebay
bullpen capital 's davidson : more m & amp ; a , fewer ipos . csco buying unicorn appdynamics for example . appdynamics canceled ipo , sold instead .
analyst : apple 's sheer size makes it almost impossible to demonstrate 'explosive ' growth aapl
sorry dummy this is twtr all over again dummy : everyone is talking because of the changes i laid out yesterday
is mattel 's q4 miss the end of this toy story ? goog mat
coming up : debating the dow stocks - v vs. axp - xom vs. cvx - ko bull vs. bear
i will live-blog the alphabet earnings report and call with @jbooton . join us here for all the news from goog :
welcome to hell day for tech earnings season . on the docket : alphabet goog googl microsoft msft intel intc paypal pypl previews below .
selling half my qqq puts . when unsure , trade in-between .
a lot of things have been misunderstood about my time at yhoo @marissamayer gsbvftt
rt @gscareers : members of gs disability interest forum join @birchfamilyserv at the @nyse opening bell
rt @cnbc : earnings : alphabet q4 eps 9.36 adj . vs. 9.64 est . ; q4 revs . 26.06b vs. 25.26b est . googl
earnings : alphabet q4 eps 9.36 adj . vs. 9.64 est . ; q4 revs . 26.06b vs. 25.26b est . googl
rt @selerity : breaking : alphabet googl q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , 9.36 vs. 9.64 expected
earnings : starbucks q1 eps 0.52 adj . vs. 0.52 est . ; q1 revs . 5.732b vs. 5.85b est . sbux
our alphabet earnings blog is now live , check it out for real time analysis & amp ; commentary googl
paypal down 2.1 percent to 40.75 in extended trading on eps miss pypl
just in : starbucks reports smaller-than-expected rise in quarterly sales sbux
rt @stocktwits : google dropped nearly 4 % in just seconds . here 's how it traded right after earnings . googl :
google dropped nearly 4 % in just seconds . here 's how it traded right after earnings . googl :
paypal ( although i always want to type paypaul ) numbers in line across board . pypl flat after hours . no big rally like former sibling ebay
msft saw + 900 ( seq ) in its prior q , so a slight acceleration of growth in dollar terms , not impressive in % terms
alphabet falls after missing q4 estimates goog googl
looks like a change in google approach to taxes for stock-based compensation cost it an earnings miss . goog googl
msft flat after hours , goog off just over 2.5 % . the goog change matters , but is n't material enough to cause op changes i guess .
alphabet cfo porat describes the co s scrutiny of moonshots : `` careful stewardship over amounts and pace of investment '' goog
analysts grilling googl execs on youtube , ai and hardware . getting little by way of specifics . q4 results mixed :
starbucks sbux cut future revenue forecasts , said `` environment is challenging '' shares down 3.7 % in after hours tra
@mikeisaac if you calculate what 's possible if/when someone hacks his twitter account and starts ww3 maybe wall street
white house chief of staff now says 20 % import tax just 1 of a `` buffet of options '' to pay for the wall wmt aapl
shoutout to fabric ... but no mention of twitter : ( goog
the msft call is live ( -- rumor has it that @fxshaw will sing a pirate tune after questions .
interesting how analysts appear obsessed with the topic of @youtube on goog s q4 2016 earnings call
`` lumpy '' -- msft drink . also did the call just die ?
is silicon valley the new frontier in journalism ? fb gci nyt crm mediaunderattack
facebook is going to push longer videos into your news feed fb
well , i have no idea what the acronyms just used on the msft call mean time for a nap
false precision stocks spx
so , on the msft earnings calls , background noise just interrupted satya . : no mouth emoji :
starbucks cuts 2017 revenue targets as q1 u.s. comps disappoint : sbux dnkn
who cares : boeing , aapl , tsla , the american farmer , all huge exporters . sell their stock
spx futures flattish as yesterday 's inside day held the weekly gains . holding 2288-2294 keeps upper momentum for the measured move of 2325
iphone toppled from no . 1 spot in china for the first time in five years making apple vulnerable aapl
alphabet 's shares plunge after earnings miss . googl earnings
twtr exposure money ca n't buy and the company ca n't monetize .
@simonkingfw what do you mean ? you are saying gild should have bought pcyc ? i do n't think so ... that deal might not be profitable .
peek into the markets : stock futures mostly flat ; alphabet shares drop on earnings miss spy aal googl intc msft
gary cohn walking away from goldman sachs with 285m is causing unease among ethics experts : gs via @mattmegan5
same-store sales continue to shake starbucks investors : sbux
paypal 's q4 earnings , fy 2017 guidance 'strangely boring ' pypl
mnkd `` call to discuss company developments '' . that sounds mysterious
itakemycoffeewith absolutely nothing . black . but starbucks needs more people to take its coffee . sbux down 4 % premarket after earnings .
nov 2015 - `` carl icahn exits ebay stake , opts for paypal after spinoff `` ebay pypl bad move , carlos .
apple strategy in 'smart home ' race threatened by amazon aapl
gdphriday trump declares war ( trade ) on mexico ! spy cvx nafta q4gdp tariffdontlikeit --
benzinga 's top upgrades , downgrades for january 27 achc f ath intc cat wynn jblu whr cmcsa clvs tpc rci
markets off to sluggish start amid slew of earnings reports , economic data cvx goog hon intc msft sbux spy
rt @hedgeyehwp : after 2 years of beating sss estimates , sbux has missed 3 of the last 4 quarters and will miss next q too . i call this a t
registering the risks of alibaba 's tremendous growth baba amzn mgi
popularity could be one of starbucks ' biggest problems . crowded cafes could be discouraging customers : sbux
rt @capitalobserver : retail stocks being kicked while they are down m wmt tgt bbby
alphabet 's mysterious cost of goods expense cost it a q4 earnings beat goog googl
paypal 's q4 : an analyst 's likes and dislikes pypl amzn
pershing square defends valeant 's progress , ca n't defend its stock performance vrx
rt @yahoofinance : starbucks says 'congestion ' in stores crimped sales sbux
bofa economists : free trade is n't necessarily free bac trump mexicowall nafta china wto
rising interest rates are a win for savers , right ? not exactly . charobs wfc bac
rt @melissaleecnbc : trump 's trade advisor navarro on @powerlunch called c report `` fake '' & amp ; said c & amp ; gs have no credibility
tesla explains canceled order with german supplier shw tsla
alphabet 's q4 fails to excite , but long-term view remains largely unchanged goog googl
spy below friday 's low 228.76 & amp ; the gap pivot at 228.50ish . need to see if pivots get `` reclaimed '' or do sellers have a bit more power .
this is why i am long spy puts -- & gt ; policy error -- & gt ; near record low vol ( vix ) -- & gt ; valuation at 19x
call of the day via @slangwise : it is simply not possible for apple to spike up post-earnings aapl
sbux hopefully the 10k refugees are experts in throughput , otherwise they 're going end up getting laid off ...
spy 8day is 227.62 we 'll see if can reclaim 228.51 or if sellers keep it below
fit support at 0 . will probably bounce prior to that
fitbit taking 68 mln write off inventory & amp ; equipment , 37 mln rebates , 41 mln return reserve , 17 mln warranty reserve fit kitchensink
breaking : fitbit to cut 110 jobs in reorganization & amp ; sees q4 revenue below previous estimates ; fit down nearly 20 %
there 's a record number of speculators betting against the vix right now . a must-see : vix spy
mobile growth may have hurt starbucks in q4 sbux
goldman ceo to staff : 'this is not a policy we support ' gs
goldman 's blankfein reacts to trump immigration ban : 'being diverse is not optional ' gs
starbucks ' ceo 's strong stance on the immigration ban has led to very conflicting social media responses :
the market in 5 minutes : walgreens-rite aid , personal income , trump 's executive order spy bah rad dis dht ntap
nice one , goog : google home page showing anti-japanese wwii internment lawyer fred korematsu
citigroup plans to exit u.s. mortgage servicing operations by 2018 . c
. @goldmansachs ceo fired off voicemail saying he does n't support trump travel ban & amp ; warning of 'disruption ' gs
@otis_reid if you `` manufacture '' goog and amzn and currency for ecuador and el salvador to use , you do n't have to manufacture real stuff .
spy looks more like an island top . iwm failed at the 50day . and names lik googl that broke out and failed friday at 861 needs time
a number of tech ceos are speaking out against trump 's immigration restrictions . googl fb msft aapl amzn down today , nasdaq down 1.2 %
in the near term , further upside for tesla is possible , but it may be very limited : tsla
rt @marcmakingsense : spy gapped lower , leaving a 3-day island top ; a bearish sign unless the gap is filled . 2273.8 is 61.8 % retracement of
trump travel ban highlights risk to corporate supporters and opponents ; boycotts hit uber , starbucks sbux spy
but fitbit is all the rage -- why u no buy their stock ? ( heavy sarcasm ) fit
emotion is the enemy when trading . and it 's tough to be unemotional given what 's happening to our country . know thyself . spx ndx
spx breadth almost 5:1 negative . tran rut bkx under-performing the *reaction* to this supply will speak volumes ; define your risk pls .
trump immigration policy confusion badly timed ( to say the least ) from spx chart perspective stocks dj
do n't expect @apple 's q1 results to have the same wow factor as years past aapl
airlines stocks skid after travel weekend affected by immigration order aal luv
appeals court denies full hearing in data surveillance case msft
lol , obviously he does n't know that apple would go in and buy up as much of its own stock as it needs to keep that
aapl stock was historically driven higher by innovation but not anymore
fitbit is cutting 6 % of its workforce after poor holiday sales numbers fit
trump immigration ban sinks delta , american , united dal ual aal luv jblu
facebook 's q4 : conference call tone matters more than results fb
rt @lamonicabuzz : airlines shellacked . trump travel ban + delta glitch . jets etf down 2.5 % . dal ual aal hit particularly hard . overreac
ual aal dal all getting dinged today .
rt @johnnerkell : there is a boycottstarbucks brewing after @starbucks pledges to hire 10,000 refugees . sbux
in immigration debate , middle east trumps russia sbux emergingmarkets rsx gulf ksa tur muslim @barronsonline
intel ceo on trump travel ban : 'this is not a policy we can support ' intc
brussels fires warning at facebook over fakenews fb
mkt sell off on trump immigration ban - vix pops , hyg & amp ; crm unusual activity @jonnajarian
lol fit , just sad now , honestly who was on the other side of this trade thinking people were n't throwing those things in the drawer
facebook is trying everything to re-enter china and it s not working - wsj fb
fitbit cost cutting needs to be backed by sharp strategy or it 's the m & amp ; a mill for this former hardware standout fit
today s stocks losers : dal , fit , sne
exxon s trump bump is running out of gas xom
wsj : facebook is trying everything to get back into china `` and it 's not working '' fb
short sellers were n't surprised by fitbit warning fit
overnight squeeze in bonds/notes as s & amp ; p futs struggle to find a bid zn_f zb_f tlt tbt spy
rt @donnayoungdc : business backlash to trump 's travel ban pharma biotech science travelban mrk agn
under armour is under siege . sales and earnings miss . cfo leaving . ua and uaa stock down nearly 20 % premarket . nke down 2 % as well .
big miss for exxon xom
united parcel service misses holiday-quarter forecasts , guides 2017 low ups fdx amzn
under armour earnings unexpectedly fall , sales growth worst in years , cfo exits ; stock dives
fit struggles continue , but the company may still have potential
exxonmobil sales miss . but xom not doing much premarket . guess the news could 've been worse for secstate nominee tillerson , huh ? sarcasm
valeant pharma at a 7-year low . total return over the past 10 years : -11 % . vrx
exxon rarely takes a quarterly charge , but just wrote down 2 bln in natgas assets . harbinger of things to come under new ceo woods ? xom
fitbit hits an all-time low , down 70 % since it began trading in june 2015 . fit
exxon mobil 's quarterly profit drops 40 percent to 1.68 billion due to write-down of u.s. natural gas assets xom oott oil natgas
yuge miss on exxonmobil 41c per share vs 70 estimate xom oil energy
rt @davidgzeiler : apple stock will probably fall after earnings today . but that will be a great aapl buying opportunity .
. @amazon and @expedia have joined a legal challenge to president trump 's travel ban amzn
drop in googl goog stock must be market fear that @realdonaldtrump will punish based on @google exec comments fearisnotastrategy iamlong
exxonmobil 's oil-equivalent production fell slightly to 4.1 million oil-equivalent barrels per day : xom
celg 's bob hugin sitting to trump 's left - not current ceo mark alles
fdx gap started at 50 % retrace . thats always a warnings sign , hence deeper pullback target . `` the hard right edge '' .
make tuesdays turn around again . spx
see how spy handles yesterday 's low of 226.41 . iwm low 133.24 .
i do n't expect fdx to get above opening print so id like to sell 189.50 ish .
exxon mobil is dodging questions about its investment plan for 2017 , in favor of presenting at analyst summit at nyse in march . xom
does msft expect the foreign cash repatriation holiday to not occur ?
if history repeats itself , february will see a market decline spx spy
how does ubs analyst milunovich build policy impact into aapl model ? `` with great difficulty . ''
ignore exxon earnings , xom has other problems
. @jimcramer -- 'facebook 's stock has run , and any stock that has run is vulnerable : ' fb
folks boycotting starbux may also need to stop brushing teeth , watching tv or getting fake news , given pg , nflx & amp ; fb comments about trump
fed , concon , & amp ; case-shiller . turnaround tues. discussed : uaa , drys , dltr , dg , xom , hog investools
depressed oil prices are keeping the heat on @exxonmobil xom
tue not going well so far for us earnings . ups -7.5 % after weak results/outlook , nke rival underarmour -7 % on gloomy fcasts dj
delta cancellations vs. trump protests : which caused more of a headache ? dal iyt luv trumpprotest deltaoutage
one could argue the tape trades great given the 'constitutional crisis . ' respect -- but do n't defer to -- the price action . spx ndx
could us lose its 'rule of law ' premium ? smart @marketplace convo with @reformedbroker @davidbrancaccio spy
why is change needed here ? because if you want success you must always adapt , refine , refine , refine fb twtr
pre earnings straddles aapl & amp ; fb , uaa calls active , bulls in crm @angiemiles
have exxon investors become 'fatigued ? ' its shares were down over 1 % in the early afternoon : xom
trump-tech honeymoon over as alphabet , netflix invited to join travel-ban suit googl aapl
aapl earnings today which is cool , and amd , which is not nearly as cool . and ea but meh . tomorrow is fb and mtch ( tinder ) . also cool .
twtr now up nearly 4.5 % . is twitter the 21st century trump equivalent of the 20th century kremlin 's pravda ? sarcasm
jack ma not making it easy for western union as shares slide : baba wu
fitbit 's smartwatch emphasis might not pan out well . fit
the romance between president trump and investors could be fading dia spy vxx
rt @elanazak : the whole world is paying attention to tweets now . so why ca n't twitter make any money ? twtr
the whole world is paying attention to tweets now . so why ca n't twitter make any money ? twtr
the options market is n't expect any fireworks from apple aapl
moment of truth : this trader bets it all on apple getting crushed after earnings aapl via @slangwise
rt @davidgzeiler : aapl will fall on ho-hum earnings . and give buyers a great chance to get in before this happens :
looks like guidance is a little light for electronic arts . ea down 2 % after hours .
rt @callieabost : spx just posted its least volatile january in at least 55 years . avg high-low intraday range of 0.55 % , smallest since at
how facebook is trying to fight fake news in your news feed fb
infographic : in 2016 , gs employees across 21 countries participated in communityteamworks :
the man who says he 's lost 2.5 million trying to day trade is live and wearing a wolf mask : aapl
rt @misleadme : one thing you wo n't hear on the aapl call today : `` people loved our innovation in killing off the headphone jack . ''
rt @mbearresearch : that moment every three months when aapl fanboys get the latest quarterly result ... 14 minutes from now .
rt @andreascseh : apple iphone7 sales fell 21 % while oppo increased its sales by 109 % in china airpods aapl @pr
a shkreli reference ... dying . wolf mask aapl earnings
irony : i 'm the only person who likes the ipad pro and i 'm maimed like johnny tremain ... gik aapl
rt @topsteptrader : aapl 1q iphone asp 694.57 , est . 688
gale sacks ceo amidst escalating criminal probe into fentanyl drug marketing & gt ;
ignore exxon earnings , xom has other problems
as prices recover , big oil descends on west texas permianbasin shale @ernestscheyder oott xom oxy uso wti
paul gallant : `` we continue to believe the ec will issue an antitrust ruling against googl -- likely in the next few months ''
apple is considering legal action against trump 's immigration ban and matching employee donations aapl
trader tries to short apple earnings , pukes up life savings aapl twtr thefinalyolo
rt @saraheneedleman : ea said sales of battlefield 1 exceeded expectations , while titanfall 2 '' sales fell short of projections . ea
apple 's renaissance in china is key for the iphone 8 success but it faces a tough road ahead aapl
i trimmed some of my spy and ibb . not adding here into this strength . yesterday was the time to scoop it up long .
here 's how much it costs an airliner to cancel a flight aal dal ual deltaoutage
rt @arjunkharpal : apple 's renaissance in china is key for the iphone 8 success but it faces a tough road ahead aapl
i 've written about steve jobs 's family halving its disney stake . aapl dis @barronsonline
aapl `` trade idea 2 : buy feb 3 expiry 120/117/114 put butterfly for 0.50 . '' this is a bust , can try to get something for 120/117 at the open
looks like a bit of starter flow rotating back into financials here.. iwm bac
instagram is ruining snapchat 's story fb by @biintelligence
fred smith : @fedex using almost 100 % more tires to produce same mileage [ vs 20 yrs ago ] . why : so many potholes ... tearing up tires faster fdx
facebook has one long-term concern that you need to know about fb
how trump 's immigration policies could impact the future of apple aapl
rt @nanexllc : gdx went right to the luld circuit breaker . grama entered in more shares than she wanted .
why the case for a border adjustment tax relies on a questionable assumption dow intc kr intc mcd vz uup wfc
rt @seeitmarket : welcome to february . the 'weak link ' in the best 6 months of the year spx
rt @mcwm : the market does not seem to mind this 500 million penalty against fb tho
what tim cook does and does n't say about the iphone and other apple products . aapl
fb is reporting earnings in just a few , we 'll see if zuck comments on this in the earnings call
we 'll just leave this little joke right here fb
analysts thought fb revenue growth would slow . it did , but not nearly as much as wall street expected
rt @scottbudman : update : facebook loses its vr case , has to pay 500 million in damages . fb
not the outcome most were expecting fb
facebook loses 500 million virtual reality headset verdict via @technology fb
fb i think fb could end down tomorrow depending on call . future is n't really as clear as it used to be . hope it stays hot for longs .
ex-twitter ceo dick costolo apologizes for letting twitter become a haven of abuse twtr
in other words : 500m , even if the verdict stands , it is n't a big deal for cash-rich fb
bad week for peoria cat
fb rally now under the 1.75 % mark .
. @jbooton and i are breaking down numbers from this ridiculous facebook earnings report in a live blog . join us !
boycottstarbucks may be the biggest boycott of a public co. in 5 years . but will it actually hurt the company ? sbux
do apple suppliers fall far from the tree ? aapl crus oled swks tsm
as i said ... i do n't think fb has a clear future growth path for a 350b market cap .
rt @sarahfrier : zuckerberg says entering china is part of the long-term plan , but there 's no news at all in the short term . fb
in q4 , political spending in the us was n't a top 10 vertical for facebook , sandberg says . `` no one event is that big for our business . '' fb
quote of the century ... sheryl sandberg : ' 500 million judgement in not material to our business ' fb
this analyst questions apple s china revenue claims via @barronsasia aapl
here 's that bigger picture spx few which shows different trends and why active traders are cautious up here . spy
quick spy visual from yesterday with language . i 'll update after mc- some say it was a rdr sell signal at 228.20
spy below yesterday 's low of 226.94 ( see if it stays below or gets reclaimed ) . tuesday 's key support spot is 226.30ish . stay on ur toes
spx futures -8. that island top from monday/ hairline fracture will try & amp ; break the accelerated trend . 2267-2270 is key area
good morning . mostly red arrows around the world . europe , the dax-.3 % cac-.07 % . in asia , the nikkei-1.2 % china closed . spx futures -8
fb boilerplate language can and will be used against it , again !
rt @howardlindzon : quote of the century ... sheryl sandberg : ' 500 million judgement in not material to our business ' fb
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures drop ahead of earnings , economic data spy uso aa fb pm mjn amzn
goog cloud exec is leaving the company
despite impressive growth - closing in on 2b users - @facebook stock is n't getting much of a post-earnings pop : fb
this is the peak for facebook : chowdhry fb
lmao @wallstjesus spots the strangest action vrx - zero to hero play ? or maybe some cheeeeap protection on an equi
microsoft takes issue with trump 's executive order on immigration . read letter from msft chief legal officer here .
warning : apple could dive over 40 % by early 2018 aapl
editors picks @reuterstv - isis flees its luxe hotel ; tillerson steps in ; and the latest amzn air force plans .
amazon options traders are pricing for a much smaller-than-usual stock price move , as @tomikilgore explains amzn
swks next aapl ecosystem domino to fall ? crus
on facebook 's quarter , @cnet 's @benfoxrubin warns that the platform is running out of ad space , so revenue growth m
uber to suspend service in taiwan , and microsoft asks for exception on trump eo . watch : cheddarlive golive msft
facebook 's soon-to-be conflict : netflix 's ceo is a board member fb nflx
2x value tweet : dr ruth to morning sex , amazon misses earnings a lot . amzn
rt @maxnisen : ahahahaha millennials bought a bunch of vrx last year
ahahahaha millennials bought a bunch of vrx last year
should investors fear new 52 week lows ? stocks spx
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : amazon q4 eps 1.54 vs. 1.35 est . ; q4 revs . 43.74b vs. 44.68b est . amzn
whoa . amazon misses on revenue . but beats on eps : amzn
amzn not enough to break highs .
breaking : amazon amzn q4 revenue , 43.74b vs. 44.68b expected
every twitter takeover rumor of 2016. there were a lot . twtr
rt @marketwatch : amazon earnings just hit . dive in over at our live blog : amzn
i was wrong . not a blow out quarter for amzn . options will be a 0- there 's some support 780ish . if it gets there
rt @cnbcclosingbell : amzn down 3.4 % after hours
rt @lamonicabuzz : amazon beat on earnings but missed on sales . guidance looks a little light as well . amzn down 3 % after hours .
more : amzn sales rose to 43.74 billion in the fourth quarter , below analysts ' expectations of 44.68 billion
amazon 's sales increase falls short of analyst expectations , but profit jumps 55 % amzn
amzn down 4 percent after-hours , currently third-largest decliner on s & amp ; p 1500 post market .
amzn at-the-money 840 weekly straddle 41.35 into the close , a move of 4.9 % . drop is 9 less than the options priced in
twitter -9 % in pre-market twtr
twtr q4 revenue misses estimates . 717m versus 740m expected . stock down more than 6 percent .
for @twitter the platform , the trump effect is more like a @realdonaldtrump curse on twtr
twitter reports q4 adj . eps 0.16 vs 0.12 est. , sales 717m vs 740m est . ; stock falls 10 % twtr
twtr down nearly six percent on report of missed revenue expectations . ruh roh
twtr getting oakley 'd after earnings . if the election quarter was n't meaningful for key metrics , nothing will be .
twitter twtr shares tumble 8.6 % in premarket trading , despite 2 million new users . live prices :
i 've spent nearly entire subway ride looking at twitter & amp ; tweeting about twitter 's inability to grow sales/users at faster clip . meta twtr
rt @msabalakrishnan : collective oof in the office : twtr crates after ugly revenue miss , shockingly weak guidance , by @berkeleyjr
ballmer ( one of top twtr shareholders ) says when he talks to @jack , convo goes something like this `` more , more innovation ... move move move ''
`` it might have felt like we weren t changing much over the last year . '' - @jack twtr
twitter 's ad revenue declined yoy for the first time since its ipo . also saw the slowest quarterly revenue growth since that time . twtr
on twitter : advertisers pulling back spending lead to revenue drop says atlantic but user engagement grows twtr
shares in twitter down 10 per cent in pre-market trading , as it missed already conservative revenue expectations . twtr
twitter posts flat u.s. monthly active user growth , despite election focus twtr
regn wins the contest for longest safe harbor statement
twitter also warns of a more competitive environment for branded advertising since mid-jan. is that because of instagram stories ? twtr
twitter 's revenue growth falls to 1 % , slowest in the company 's history . twtr
twitter outlook a few characters short , and coke 's forecast fizzles - today 's stocks to watch : twtr ko
@cartermansbach everyone is always `` encouraged by the metrics '' ... but bottom line when you are a public companies is revenues . fix it twtr
analyst makes fairly savage snow joke about eylea guidance on regn call . also , company wo n't be doing single product guidance in the future
added a little more twtr pre market in this plunge . the whole company could be managed by 8 robots and three comedians . trust me .
thrilling thursday - shorting oil at 53 - again uso tza ung sqqq twtr --
rt @claireatki : twtr down 9 percent in pre-market . yikes ! bring back @adambain
regn ceo calls out `` constant price increases '' and `` tone deafness '' in tnf drug class . abbv jnj amgn
not surprised twtr shares are dropping . rich content but content ai n't for sale . ca n't get ad revenue on a site businesses do n't run ads
rt @kchaykowski : twtr shares fall 9 % in pre-market trading on 4q revenue that misses estimates . 1q earnings forecast is also weak .
the early bird did not catch the worm . twitter stock still diving after reporting fourth-quarter earnings . twtr
tsla starting to flag intraday
yes , twtr 's desire to protect pearl-clutching sjws is virtuous & amp ; noble ( rolls eyes ) , but how about some dividends for us `` evil '' investors .
twtr stock is down to new lows , here is how as its new ceo i would make it profitable .
regn joins long list of drug cos receiving subpoenas from mass . doj office re : patient assistance programs
yeah , lots of bears on fb..
the run in nvda is over for a while
rt @hedgeyeinternet : yelp : shifting other revenue in local advertising ? really ? how many times is mgmt going to shuffle around segments to
nvidia reports q4 adj . eps 1.13 may not compare to 0.83 est. , sales 2.17b vs 2.11b est . nvda
rt @ericjhonsa : as twtr 's ad sales flatline , it 's hard to overlook the impact talent losses seem to be having on execution .
not good enough nvda
tech 's biggest loser in today 's earnings parade : yelp , which is down more than 8 % after a light forecast . yelp
dow , s & amp ; p 500 , nasdaq hit record highs ; why did nvidia get hit after hours ? nke nvda yelp uaa tsla payc twtr
the next iphone may set you back 1000 . why ? ! aapl
@redacre lol i remember people chasing gild in 90s . wayyyy too soon .
after today , 10,000 invested in twitter on its ipo day would be worth about ... 3,638 twtr
here 's how twtr performed under @dickc by comparison
nvda what sell off ?
tesla workers now may want a union because people are reportedly getting hurt on the job tsla
nvidia beats earnings estimates as the ai business expands , but tepid forecast sends shares down 2 % nvda
wireless charging and premium upgrades could mean some versions of the iphone 8 could cost 1000 :
uaw drive `` could disrupt tsla ''
bitcoin takes beating , while gold shines btc xbt gld china
rt @jamesliamcook : apple ceo tim cook : fake news 'is one of today s chief problems ' aapl by @jamesliamcook
twitter 's role in this political cycle was complicated twtr @realdonaldtrump
cavalcade of twtr downgrades by big houses . the last bit of goodwill is gone . hasta la vista dor sey .
message of market trump economic policies coming & amp ; no trade war key stocks us steel x tesla tsla walmart wmt rt
twitter gets trampled despite trump twtr
bad reviews for yelp shares , and investors tune out pandora - today 's stocks to watch : yelp p
did you survive the 100 minute dip in nvda ?
@kapelianis hey , looks like twtr has you flagged as a troll . i had to scroll way down to see this tweet .
is starbucks becoming a show-me story ? argus downgrades stock sbux
~ twtr implementing auto-blocking mechanisms for sjws = blocking disagreement & amp ; alternative viewpoints = contrary to info-sharing mission
twtr does n't understand that you ca n't cater to sjws . ~what sjws call `` harassment '' is just disagreement that they do n't want others to hear
twtr if confused ... . see fit gpro charts for assistance
this is what happens to your company when you listen to sjws and act contrary to your mission statement . this is
`` my feelings are hurt . please implement shadow blocking so i do n't see mean tweets and no one else does either '' - sjws to twtr management
the consensus view on nflx is n't bullish enough , according to rbc
nvda looks likea fader short 119 against hod
rt @ibd_elow : my latest feature : malls heighten retail theatrics to avoid amazon 's kiss of death aapl amzn m jw
rt @ophirgottlieb : remember , if you ever need a stock quote on twitter just tweet : @cmlviz quote ticker & lt ; -- choose your ticker twtr aa
uaw confirms workers at tesla have approached the union - tsla
rt @bespokeinvest : amazingly twitter twtr was actually up 15 % on the year heading into yesterday 's open . two-day move puts it down 3.6 % y
i am still in a portion of nflx and baba from earlier strategies this week . just less
do n't get inspired , tsla : they could n't do it without big renault-nissan
nvidia stock | nvda | shares breifly dip lower despite record earnings via @modestmoney
should have given those nvda put flys a longer leash , ugh
nvda 1 last push lower and its a cover
nvda popped to 120 & amp ; now down . the stock should 've blown the roof off with those numbers last night . it did n't . run is stalled .
if you 're long on twtr and getting bagged blame @d4ytrad3 he has n't stopped adding short since yesterday
@aussieflya no i did n't . same pattern . engagement was up . they just ca n't capitalize on anything . totally inept management . twtr
@bingdrinkkick @jack why . facebook does n't need them . google should buy them but no one will . best thing they have are it 's users . twtr
nearly 3 dozen wall st analysts now rate twitter a hold or sell twtr via @wsjmoneybeat
yelp gets no help from q4 report yelp
is twitter doomed or can it be saved ? i 'll discuss twtr on @tfeshow at 11:45 et . @wrko680
judiciary branch continues to stump trump admin as judge upholds fiduciary rule spy
tsla ceo @elonmusk claims employee pushing to unionize is a paid agitator , @uaw denies via @electrekco
facebook agrees to audit of its metrics following data controversy - wsj fb
nke is dead . ua gon na kill it . it 's old and it 's just ... wait , what 's that you say ? oh , nvm ... - see chart -- & gt ;
nvidia slips : great , but not a blow-out . will amd take share ? nvda via @barronstechblog
elon musk responds to tesla factory workers talking about unionizing tsla
rt @desantis : twtr market cap : 9.8b xbt market cap : 15.6b twitter is dead ! long live bitcoin !
tsla 's aspiring unionizer responds to @elonmusk 's attempt to 'trash ' him via @bloomberg
with no turnaround imminent , loop capital downgrades twitter twtr
not one soul talking about russell flag breakout.. one reason iwm now a dst pick .
an admitted apple bear just suddenly turned bullish aapl
`` you ca n't be stubborn when you 're an investor . then you may not make any money , & amp ; you may lost a lot '' aapl
rt @chipcorley : how markets have fared a week , month , 3 & amp ; 6 months after first inauguration . @factset spy dia
amazon : finally getting competition fdx amzn
why is n't this facebook story about inflated metrics a bigger deal ? we 're discussing here : cheddarlive fb
@alex still worth more than twtr .
rt @gilliantan : amex investors might want to hold the applause via @bfly axp
today s stocks losers : tcon , clf , yelp
twtr should just go non profit and private . pay the bills keep the lights on and screw wall st .
maryann keller : tsla numm iocation toxic for carmaking
cisco wo n't reimburse partners who send out engineers to proactively replace devices csco knows will fail .
tim arcuri : aapl supply chain sales fell 18 % m/m in january , 500bps below seasonal
downside pre-mkt : hain , uvxy , lnce , inov , s , ung , zts , tlys , viix , tmus , ag , trv , vixy powered by
plug , the market 's biggest pos now that aria is gone .
is @reformedbroker the most ridiculous sbux order of all time ? @halftimereport
i ca n't believe a legit pharma bought zeltiq and it 's `` a kinda-doctor will freeze your fat off ! '' biz . zltq agn
will today be another low-volume squeeze ? djia
nvda at fridays lows watching for a refade
rt @humblestudent : a blow-off top , or a wimpy top ? spx spy much depends on the new federalreserve governors
rt @wallstjesus : some early bulls & gt ; & gt ; yum aapl vale crm cien luv twtr qcom
rt @hedgiemark : hired the attorney . tsla mx lemon law . 150k + 300k in civil damages . 35 repair days . had the car for 7 months . slam dunk
when you were n't lookin ' they just sat sat sat on nvda
twitter has become wall street s bad joke twtr
nope . got all out of tsla last week . missed today 's move . happens
i 've got your 'dewie boot-on ' purse on backorder from china . baba
rt @echasan : in sustainability @bloombergbrief : fb googl face shareholder proposal on fakenews ; sovereign greenbonds ; esg
agn is spending a lot of time and effort to collect a very odd basket of assets .
bullish flow continues into bac ; sweepers gon na be long till they 're wrong on this one @wallstjesus
@riskreversal answers @pinerguard53 s question about csco
daniel loeb 's third point capital dumps allergan , adds big banks agn jpm bac gs
relatively light size as we head into the top of the hour qcom x ge twtr yum bac
amazon says may face penalties for running afoul of iran sanctions amzn
celg tries again ... ( lol ) - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
nflx and hubs are rude ( via @1mstockgame )
how fed governor tarullo stepping down changes the balance of hawks and doves on the fomc bbt ge spy
c playing some catch up
intel 's 'threat landscape dashboard ' tells you today 's worst digital threats intc
@alex @1mstockgame i 'm so close . dammit . stupid twtr is killing me i ca n't believe i own it in the game .
tesla unionizer returns fire after elon musk 'trashes ' him - bloomberg tsla labor
is it game over for media publishers ' 2-year run ? atvi ea ttwo
the metal that failed economics jjc spx copper
indystar : dad blames tsla auto for daughter 's death via @detroitnews
much less 'fire tim cook ' in my stream these days ... why i sold a few shares over the last week aapl
spx - [ nzdusd ] bullish scalping -
either the dozen or so tsla critics in my timeline are waaaaay wrong or wall st is going down with elon musk
should equity investors fear rising rates ? spx stocks
the 160bn failed merger btwn agn & amp ; pfe in 2016 was the largest m & amp ; a break-up ever . it pushed failed m & amp ; a to an 8-y
@zerofiltertruth i hate this company . jack is the worst ceo in america and he is killing the service . sell the stock . twtr
the mattel is selling toys on alibaba 's tmall rally was short lived . mat now down 1 % . baba down too . but mattel rival has up slightly .
rt @seeitmarket : smh sharply rejecting yesterday 's all time highs leader nvda has been lagging . momentum divergence has built up
the buy high/sell low conundrum : @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
that 's the pivot it failed at nflx . the visual .
aapl fire tim cook . free apple .
this is not a buy pattern . aapl
spx500 - spx - do n't fight the trump -
. @jason_kint we struggle with : can longer form video on fb monetize as well as legacy news feed ? -- consumers do n't like interruptions
. @adamlashinsky says apple is rarely first in terms of smartphone form factor , waiting for competitors to innovate .
in the era of 'fake news , ' fake filings can impact stocks cmg mcd avp bac fit
rt @jcmccracken : gs gives 100 bankers or so a `` goose egg '' for their bonus . ouch .
gs gives 100 bankers or so a `` goose egg '' for their bonus . ouch .
@realdonaldtrump why use gs as your employment agency ? inquiring minds wan na know !
apple 's cfo explained why its research and development costs increased to 2.8 billion aapl
bank of america misses a big options payday , goldman cashes in ... gs bac
permabears hit rock bottom as stocks notch new record highs . s & amp ; p 500 ( 2337 ) spy nasdaq ( 5782 ) qqq russell ( 1396 )
spy lol
rt @cnnmoney : the long drama between yahoo and verizon may finally be coming to an end . yhoo vz
so who do you think is driving this autonomous waymo vehicle on the alphabet campus ? googl
deutsche bank casts doubt on pfizer 's rumored takeover approach to bristol-myers bmy pfe gild rhhby nvs mrk
harit talwar on building @marcus , a start-up within gs :
another exclusive from sf 1market : twitter coo @anthonynoto will be on @squawkalley tomorrow with @jimcramer .
what happens when others are greedy ? new post . spx
hi-5 to @chamath for coming on @cnbc today ; great chat about @realdonaldtrump aapl and @snapchat
spx qqq too far , too fast , imho .
csco misses the estimize eps consensus by 1c and the estimize revenue consensus by 36.91m -
curb your enthusiasm into cisco earnings csco via @investopedia
spy ath rsi overbought , support lower 233.7/232.2/229.4/228.25
good morning . mixed markets around the world . europe down small dax-.2 % cac-.21 % in asia , the nikkei-.47 % , shanghai+.51 % hk+.47 % spx futs-1
rt @ophirgottlieb : spx qqq too far , too fast , imho .
think caterpillar inc. 's stock will soar after its fantastic run in 2016 ? read this cat
( `` skeevy '' is a complement . driving user data snap ca n't monetize ( see : twtr ) is the bigger issue . engagement seems spotty )
big u.s. banks to push for easing of money laundering rules gs jpm bac
@assumeacanopenr the socratic method does n't work on twtr . i 'd suggest a `` yes , and '' improv approach . teamwork , not arguments
watch these 7 huge put purchases in thursday trade amat axp car rcii oclr lpl ctsh
spx levels and thoughts as overbought signals flash a bit more
a peek into the markets : stock futures down ahead of jobless claims , housing starts data adi avp csco trip wen
only trade with what you can afford to lose . spx ndx
my interest in iwm now is closer to 136.50 than 140 .
there were some that were very doubtful of dip buyin the jnug and gdx names . so far the wiseguys are sittin decen
spy - friday expiration . 230 had the most calls , but now that price is so much over , really not much resistance th
cowen 's john blackledge out on amzn based on new 10-k disclosures and proprietary data , estimating average of ~80mm prime subs in 2016
ken cacciatore publishes part vi in his series on agn 's pipeline , including perspective on vraylar for negative symptoms of schizophrenia
morning movers : valeant jumps , kate spade soars , mgm drops vrx kate df khc mgm abx
my latest post for @forbes : `` what if retail traffic declines last forever ? '' retail shoptalk amzn m
aapl obv nowhere near as good as khc obv = are funds buying or selling . its that simple .
rt @jasonmilano8 : @jimcramer on cnbc asking twtr coo `` what is wrong with twtr '' & amp ; `` why do n't you crater ? '' . priceless
what does puzder stepping down mean for the fate of labor dept . 's overtime rule ? spy puzderwithdraws
market 's winning streak in jeopardy ; netease surges to record levels : csco aapl wb zion schw momo nvda veev
why wix could be a major threat to amazon amzn etsy wix
have n't deleted your yahoo account yet ? reminder : hackers forged login cookies yhoo
why the buy and hold investing meme is flawed : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
tsla down 9 after this : ubs analyst ca n't understand why tesla shares are up so much in '16 , sell the stock
today 's chart : ubs says now is the time to 'sell ' tesla @seanansmith tsla
`` if everyone was jumping off a bridge , would you do that too ? '' ( explaining my stock purchases in the future ) spx ndx
do you believe tsla lasy year 's acquisition of solarcity is an unneeded distraction ?
gs how to bet get _aggressively_ on deregulation but manage risk
celg the bizarre skew building in celgene what is skew ? -- & gt ;
u.s. stock market : `` meh , we just going to wait for our tax cuts '' spx
fcx cooling down after a strong run . put sweepers at the ready scopping up protection :
rt @foxbusinessam : verizon yahoo revising their purchase agreement downward , reports say vz yhoo @simonettilauren
tesla shares fall after ubs reiterates sell rating , and more . watch live : cheddarlive golive tsla
it 's just a coincidence that arista is reporting earnings a day after cisco detailed big decline in networking sales , right ? csco anet
the most-hated bear in solar is n't backing down via @markets tsla
sorry , i see nothing newsworthy in this zuckerberg `` mission statement '' for facebook . fb
why the 1 % is still cautious about this market spy
is cisco running out of levers to pull to boost revenues ? csco
nflx should fear amzn 's muscle
i have no idea what this means different for fb ?
spy has yesterday 's low at 233.85 . we 'll see how the market treats this pivot today . if it gets below & amp ; stays below 233.10 is next .
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures fall ahead of campbell earnings spy uso anet bbw cpb de sjm nus
celg trying ( long + small option bet of a melt up ) - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
rt @timothysykes : the market is closed now so it 's study time , read this learn from the past fb twtr & amp ; have a gre
as i said was too far above the 230 s. wasn t going to happen . spy spx
citigroup board cuts 2016 pay for ceo michael corbat , while bofa gives its boss a raise . bac c
@brianfires well you are stupid enough to be long vrx - but if you are not short hlf just let me know .
rt @cecileva : gold is misbehaving : @edvanderwalt gld
.. @howardlindzon amzn , goog , msft , baba all standalone security companies dead within decade ; platforms win .
made in china : the coming iphone apocalypse - video @apple aapl
baristas are joining this campaign asking @starbucks for more paid parental leave tobeapartner sbux
fast food in 2016 : who came out on top and who 's best positioned for the future ? mcd wen qsr
here 's how to trade stocks like a sniper ! aim small , miss small fb twtr
apple says eu made fundamental errors in irish tax ruling aapl
rt @timothysykes : here 's how to trade stocks like a sniper ! aim small , miss small fb twtr
@megtirrell it was gild per the 8k
does the s & amp ; p really need higher oil ? stocks spx
fb has been quiet- perhaps tier one long vs. 132.50 and add with a high volume close above 134ish-
leerink 's joseph schwartz none too impressed with srpt 's prv deal with gild
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet yhoo aapl
there s a few big questions about the model 3 that tesla needs to answer tomorrow tsla
lol @twtr 's mission statement : ~ '' info sharing w/out boundaries '' ( but qualified w/sjw : '' but you do n't have a platform for spreading hate '' )
google agrees to let a third party audit its ad metrics - googl
40 % of us companies ( 1,700 ) are still currently loss making ( i.e . have negative net income ) - andrew lapthorne , soc
wb has run sina has lagged , now sina out of jail ?
@gnarlydragoons dude . i 'm 46. you do n't need to age me . i 'm very kid like . ask anyone . in fact . solid game of battlefield1 last night . ea
iphone 8 : sales likely to grow , but not the 'super cycle ' some expect aapl
rt @jbooton : quit calling the iphone 8 a 'super cycle , ' warns deutsche bank . fear aapl will suffer if expectations are too high :
quit calling the iphone 8 a 'super cycle , ' warns deutsche bank . fear aapl will suffer if expectations are too high :
rt @rorol : csx ceo 's departure by may and expected layoffs -- indication that a deal with activist manager paul hilal is close .
boeing , pfizer and others band together to ask congress for more taxes mrk ba cat pfe utx dow ge
the precipitous fall of the blackberry in one graph bbry
freeport-mcmoran sinking today . piper jaffray 's craig johnson & amp ; chad morganlander of washington crossing advisors dis
uh oh . flaming hot rally in bank stocks getting the downgrade slap from analysts via
focus this morning was tsla mbly dgaz shorts out of gate cash across board now
cramer 's stop trading luv
stocks start lower as every stupid trump policy hurts confidence in our future . bonds up & amp ; gold . tesla and nvidia holding up . tsla nvda
does twitter have a video problem ? twtr
fb . yes i came in long and added at 134.10 like my commentary from the morning . now trim and hold
@biotechtoreador oncs was spun out of ino years ago .
@kimblecharting avoid . looks too much like vrx
markets struggle to find positive ground ; fed minutes may move them spy uso vxx tlt dia
fb if you 're bullish and trade options , know this
rt @canuck2usa : fb few weeks ago the top was in after er ... ..
why md anderson shelved its ibm watson project : by @matthewherper
we ve been hearing vr is the next big thing for awhile . wonder when the bigness will arrive ? msft fb htccy sne
rt @seeitmarket : chart spotlight : bear market indicator back to neutral for now - blog by @callum_thomas spy
it feels like 2007 all over again : @johnzechner tells @bnn spy tsx
warren buffett may simply take over this airline entirely luv dal ual nsc unp aal
why tesla 's earnings report does n't matter tsla bidu f gm
rt @probesreporter : last week we warned solarcity has a confirmed , undisclosed sec probe too . think anyone will ask about it ? tsla
last week we warned solarcity has a confirmed , undisclosed sec probe too . think anyone will ask about it ? tsla
rt @pattonles : mcdonald 's is cutting soda and coffee prices to combat the industry 's slump mcd
let 's see if they start the pile back on again post minutes bac
terrible audio ... but at least it 's on the web if you wan na hear @bankofamerica 's moynihan once more on hb2 bac
rt @cgrantwsj : tsla factset consensus : sales : 2.16b adj . eps : 53 cent loss . everything else ?
tsla factset consensus : sales : 2.16b adj . eps : 53 cent loss . everything else ?
with smartphones , smartwatches , and now hearables , `` everything '' is a real threat to fitbit , @marketwatch 's @jbooton
so this actually happened . aapl
breaking : fitbit , inc fit q4 revenue , 573.78m vs. 576.04m expected
breaking : fitbit , inc fit q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , ( 0.56 ) vs. ( 0.5 ) expected
now on @bloombergradio cfra analyst : `` there 's a cash flow situation with tesla that makes you wonder why the stoc
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : tesla q4 loss ( 0.69 ) ; q4 revs . 2.28b vs. 2.18b est . tsla
fit misses the estimize eps consensus by 13c and the estimize revenue consensus by 10.05m -
fit reports fq4 earnings of -56c eps and 573.78m revs -
so i read this as tesla lost 20.8m in customer deposits in fourth quarter . anyone want to agree/disagree ?
tsla wo n't give full yr deliveries guidance ( due to production adjustments ) but expects to sell 47,000 - 50,000 vehicles in first half .
tsla misses the estimize eps consensus by 63c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 50.56m -
still no update from tesla on model3 reservations . total customer deposits for tsla : almost 664m .
exxon lowers proved reserve estimate , only replaced 65 % of the oil and gas it pumped last year : via @wsj xom
rt @biuk_tech : apple spoke out against trump 's withdrawal of obama-era transgender protections aapl
tsla green to red test - please stop fading we need you higher for better entry later on .
nvidia falls following nomura downgrade , analyst concerned about slowdown in gaming nvda
.. @paulvigna next time you title a piece emphasizing bitcoin 's volatility plz give calcs/charts on vol 4 perspective .
high flying nvidia cut to sell at nomura - sees 19 % downside nvda notablecall
icymi : google plans to discontinue yet another product goog
rt @retheauditors : apple condemns trump 's transgender decision will treasury retaliate , pull support for aapl in i
this is the mosh pit that makes me want to sell some more sbux for the trust !
@weaverwealthnc the dude held vrx from 250 to 20 .
why @timseymour is n't convinced by tesla 's stock performance : tsla
interestingly , agn has been vocal about drug prices but the bulk of its future growth is plastic surgery , cosmetics
tesla cfo departure and more big spending plans outweigh solid electric car sales . tsla down 5 % this morning ,
think a negative tweet from trump crushes a stock ? think again ... gm lmt ba twx amzn aapl
stocks open higher . have tesla and nvidia down 4 % at the open . like to see that . we like these companies . dca . nvda tsla
shares of tsla fell more than 2.3 % after the auto company reported a wider than expected loss .
rt @lilyjamali : . @allisonmcneely on gs 's surprise for maple bondholders ; @katiadmi on china 's rumored plans to attract foreign cash
elon musk conceded that a new stamping press needed to produce model 3 parts has n't been delivered yet : tsla
if oil goes to 70 , that 's a very bad thing net-net . fed will be forced to hike more quickly , and tax reform will be cancelled out xom bp
sina intaday bear flag
rbc not adding macy 's to its shopping cart despite m & amp ; a rumors amzn m
weibo 's post-earnings sell-off hits many chinese internets . baidu q4 tonight wb sina
rt @rudyhavenstein : with all the wfc outrage , why has n't the financial media gone after c or jpm in the same way ? @cnbc @business
nvda q4 report on 2/9 first time in 4 qters co did n't raise guide big vs. street . variant perception on pascal upgrade cycle upside is gone
spx failed to hold 2366 and went red . now see if it holds 2354-2358 area . it 's an important upper spot to measure .
covered the rest of my spy hedge here . i 'll revisit it . i do n't need a hedge as i got stopped out of many longs today
qqq below a prior low of 130.11 . let 's see if it stays below for a small change .
sina not even 1 bounce yet..just 9ema ride down
who remembers this one ? set the way back machine for dec 28 , 2016 : why nvidia s booming stock may fall 20 % nvda
tsla faces life after subsidies in hong kong , 'beacon city ' for electric cars via @wsj
citi prepares for regulatory rollback c
three weeks ago @jeffmacke and the @estimize roundtable ditched nvda not surprising what happened next
lost in the model 3 outlook was news that tesla 's cfo jason wheeler will leave the company in april : tsla
nvidia : know the difference between 'highly valued ' and 'overvalued ' intc nvda swks
tsla shares slip as cash-burn raises concerns via @reuters
as nvidia catches a pair of downgrades , attention turns to advanced micro devices amd intc nvda
to @vfhive 's @nickbilton , there 's `` no question '' facebook is a media company , given its influence on news consumptio
rt @ldrogen : three weeks ago @jeffmacke and the @estimize roundtable ditched nvda not surprising what happened next
. @jimcramer says tesla needs to raise capital : tsla
no , gary cohn did not pay 200 million in taxes to work for trump @ewolffmann @yahoofinance gs
gadfly 's shira ovide warns snap investors : buying the ipo is 'an act of lunacy ' fb twtr
the @jack dorsey portfolio delivered mixed results this quarter sq twtr
bank etfs could disappoint kbwb xlf
as stocks soar , short sellers retreat from etfs spy xop xrt
i did try & amp ; buy tsla into the support zone ( 258- 262 ) as i came in flat today . it did n't work well . now i wait ag
the 2014 naaim wagner award winning paper `` an intermarket approach to tactical risk rotation '' spx stocks
double downgrade sinks nvidia 's stock nvda
i think right now is my lowest equity exposure since the day after the election . when spx 2146 was reclaimed . fyi
the s & amp ; p 500 tech sector ended down today for its first negative session after a 15-day winning streak ; it 's still the best sector ytd . spx
saudi aramco might not be worth anywhere near 2 trillion xom uso
rt @benzinga : welcome to trumpville : the market in 1929 and now spy @markyusko
us stocks waver as investors back away from industrials mro x hpq
thursday thoughts - tesla 's emperor musk has no clothes ! tsla jo oil ung abx slw dba xle khc f udn
could your fitbit data raise the cost of your health insurance ? fit
exclusive : apple kills ties with supplier of data center servers after security concern . a strange tale . smci aapl
qqq think the market will be stuck in the mud ? how to use options in nasdaq-100 to find and execute on edge --
wowzerz goog is taking uber to court goog has way , way , way more money and bandwidth for distraction
96 % of msft us 113.24 billion cash reserves are held abroad+it cd be depressing its share price new research :
rt @joedeaux : trump love ca n't save caterpillar or u.s. steel from slump my story cat x
there is nothing in place that would get tsla anywhere close by 2018 . 250k possible with blood , sweat & amp ; tears . 500k ?
snb has more shares of facebook than zuckerberg . now when facebook shares hit all-time high , the profit taking fb
rt @retheauditors : other than a heckler from c who did n't like me calling his employer the most corrupt org on the street , my columbia u s
although tesla and nvidia look really juicy in here . tsla nvda down again today . think long term . autonomousvehicles smart car
`` fair competition spurs new technical innovation , but what has happened here is not fair competition . '' -- waymo sta
nvda looks like player wanted to take it for a day trade
rt @ulmanfinancial : welcometohooverville : the market in 1929 and now spx spy via @benzinga @markyusko
should have known , like all 600 of this troll 's tweet are about nvda .
final trading day of the week ! will the dow snap its win streak ? djia
volvo , saab were given up for dead with production levels tsla wants to reach .
djia extending streak without a 1 % move to 53 sessions today - would be longest such streak in 10 years
cml pro members we just sent : nvda `` what to do about nvidia , now ? '' get pro :
dow21k today ? not looking likely . @korihale gives us the latest news from the floor of the @nyse . cheddarlive
the biosimilar party is getting way too crowded and allergan knows it : @maxnisen via @bfly
fridayfun what oscars film are you streaming on goog nflx aapl or amzn this weekend ? full list via @usatoday
search warrant linked to amzn echo recording in arkansas killing could affect sales
bofa : 'be mindful of a possible reversal in gold ' gld iau gdx via @crystalkimmm
tsla there are ( could be ) legs to this tesla employee story -- not going away and when the stock drops , it _really_ wo n't go away .
rt @barchart : us stocks dip as banks and energy companies fall bac wfc
gs if there is deregulation , golide could _rip_ . here 's the aggressive option play ( risk on )
nvda is it time to buy or sell nvidia ? my take via @cnnmoney
rt @canuck2usa : tsla so far we have a=c abc pullback from highs
spy qqq russell was excluded from the meeting about this iwm now protesting
najarian brothers see unusual options activity in spdr gold trust ( etf ) and nu skin enterprises gld nus
wow , outgoing cfo jason wheeler told tsla he plans to resign on tuesday , before a wednesday announcement .
cot : euro weakness not dollar strength sets direction saxostrats by ole hansen oil gld slv
tsla with earnings are over , if you 're semi-bullish , this is available through options
@brianfires @wsj @foxbusiness @businessinsider really ? you think vrx is the victim of a @sirf_report short seller conspiracy .
cot : short-covering in bonds and stocks saxostrats by ole hansen oil gld slv
rt @marathonwealth : see : copper : gold jjc gld mt @convertbond gundlach : `` us 10 year headed below 2.25 % . there 's a stealth flight to saf
rt @squawkcnbc : buffett says they bought more apple since 2017 began , but not since the earnings report came out aapl askwarren
goldman sachs now thinks tesla could crash 28 % -- here are the charts all bears will love tsla
rt @lebeaucarnews : goldman drops tsla to a sell rating w/ 185 price target saying it expects a capital raise before 4q17 to weigh on tsla
goldman drops tsla to a sell rating w/ 185 price target saying it expects a capital raise before 4q17 to weigh on tsla s shares .
goldman cuts tesla to sell with a word to bulls out there tsla notablecalls
what happens when financials lag ? stocks spx
goldman cuts tsla to sell on execution risk , near-term cash needs
not to mention buffett is a disaster for health and the environment . he owns psx ( dapl ) , ko , airlines burning oil . and wfc bac
the musk of musk 's soiled jeans is wafting in the market air . tsla
what to expect from the stock market this week spy iwm and more
tesla -6 % this morning on goldman 's downgrade tsla
morningmovers : tesla tanks , urban outfitters flops , kate spade jumps bid urbn uaa tsla
gs downgrades tesla . mkt cap down 4.7bn since last week 's results : via @bfly tsla
tesla back below avg . sell-side target . see my column from last month on how these two interact : via @bfly tsla
rt @chicagosean : entered a protected strangle in nugt : shorted 9put/12call strangle and protected upside with a 13call . 1.08 credit . no u
htz reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.01 eps and -2.24m revs compared to ws
what to do about nvidia corporation ( nasdaq : nvda ) - nvda
jcp heavy call vol , tsla downgrade , tgt & amp ; pcln earnings @angiemiles w fred banyon pm , and market correction
worth a read . goldman thinks model3 launch will be a mess , scty a big fcf drag , big cap raise needed by q417 . tsla
why @warrenbuffett does n't tweet or email : 'you can always tell someone to go to hell tomorrow ' twtr brk
is carl icahn losing his midas touch ? not quite iep aig bmy fcx lng htz hlf xrx nav
sell is a 4-letter dirty word on wall street . but goldman sachs just slapped that rating on tesla . here 's why . tsla
the big shocker in wall st/silicon valley today : tesla gets downgraded to 'sell ' by goldman sachs
teslas still overheat on road courses . this is the problem porsche promises to solve with its ev . tsla
julia , a dishwasher of 15 years , says she was unfairly terminated from her job at @wholefoods wfm reinstatejulia
tsla deepens recent losses after goldman recommends selling via @reuters
ddd reports before the open tomorrow , estimize consensus +0.03 eps and +2.06m revs compared to ws
seven past runs of 'star trek ' series , 'some of them were great , some of them were terrible , ' says cbs ceo moonves . all do well on nflx
with paypal now at new 2017 highs , a series of lows between 38.00 and 39.00 could mark a major bottom : pypl
tesla plunges another 5 percent on fears of model 3 delays tsla
the timing of netflix 's partnership with spark is `` absolutely '' tied to a failed vodafone deal : nflx vod
at least gdx gave some clues it was vulnerable . look how it closed near lows friday 's as gld closed at weekly highs .
a fun fact : spx touched a 52-week low at 1,932.23 on feb 29 , 2016. it 's up 22 % since then .
today s stocks losers : ua , sstk tsla
new exxon mobil ceo echoes rex tillerson 's skepticism on climate science xom
it 's rare for the spx & amp ; the usd to fall together , but it usually only means a short-term fall . read @retmilldaily
htz misses the estimize eps consensus by 17c and the estimize revenue consensus by 15.31m -
should investors follow warren buffett 's lead with aapl ? gk advisor @ben_dunbargk does n't think so ... find out why
tsla trading range always struck me as pretty tight in recent years
is this another 1987 ? we should be so lucky . new post . djia
i have been to a dozen stores and have never found that to be the case but it is unfortunate . which store ? aapl
vrx misses the estimize eps consensus by 6c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 26.59m -
amrn reports fq4 earnings of -4c eps and 38.70m revs -
gold miners gdx -11 % in 3 weeks as gold holds 1,250 ( + 100 ytd ) -- & gt ; price seen as unsustainable
as per usual - why ca n't valeant - which has so much debt it is a financial institution - publish a balance sheet ? vrx
spx futures -1 as we try and figure out `` what 's next '' ahead of president trumps- address to congress-
rt @lamonicabuzz : tar-jay no longer in style . target tanks on weak earnings and poor outlook . can you say amazon ? tgt amzn
`` the realities of our capital structure force us to invest less in r & amp ; d '' vrx cool , so find some `` hidden gems '' in a box somewhere a push 'em
morgan stanley is setting aside 70m to cover costs associated with giving clients the incorrect tax info : ms
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` s & amp ; p 500 technical update : near-term upside limited '' by @marknewtoncmt spy xle xbi
the crb index and inflation , or lack of it crb spy tlt
pcln `` trade idea 2 : buy the march 3 expiry 1600/1550/1515 broken wing put butterfly for 10.50 . '' bust .
`` we 're drowning in a lot of these numbers , but i think it 's a very simple answer we 're looking for , '' analyst tells vrx re debt , cash flow
great call on tgt by @hedgeyeretail -- stock is down -17 % since august as spy rises +8 % target
rt @megtirrell : `` 2 papas , '' @jimcramer says : `` papa john 's pzza , losing the war against dpx , and joe papa . not a good day for papas . '' vrx
`` 2 papas , '' @jimcramer says : `` papa john 's pzza , losing the war against dpx , and joe papa . not a good day for papas . '' vrx prgo
nvda looks liek rollover now . dead cat bounce last few days
on its strategy to lower prices , @ptpetrides says target should 've addressed the amazon effect many years ago .
hard to believe crm is n't in the nasdaq-100 . what a joke , bigger than 72 ( & lt ; -- corrected ) components .
another shareholder , charles sherling , now commenting on proposal . agrees `` frustration that diversity in sv is few and far between '' aapl
it was proposed by the national center for public policy . rep says some orgs who get @apple donations may use funds in unwanted ways aapl
the stealth rotation : a look at the underlying `` risk off '' trade that has been hidden :
one apple shareholder saying he sold his stock last month , worried about revenue growth , says buybacks are waste of money . aapl
proposal 9 ( 5th by shareholders ) wants top execs to retain 75 % of their @apple aapl stock until they reach retirement age
rt @sharatibken : next shareholder proposal wants @apple to reexamine executive compensation . aapl apple @tim_cook
next shareholder proposal wants @apple to reexamine executive compensation . aapl apple @tim_cook
he supports this @apple proposal . aapl . now discussion on that proposal is closed .
another comment from corey webb , a shareholder from florida . says experienced lack of diversity in @apple exec level in retail aapl
rt @sharatibken : ultimately says he 's against putting language into @apple policies requiring more diversity aapl apple
subway chicken contains less than 55 % chicken dna mcd wen qsr
amazon s3 service outage is giving a lot of folks some insight into just how many web based companies use aws for their cloud stuff amzn
amazon web services was experiencing `` high error rates '' with its data storage , affecting numerous websites : amzn
funds dumping salesforce ahead of earnings crm via @investopedia
salesforce is sliding despite its earnings beat crm
salesforce 's outlook sends shares lower crm
salesforce falling in after-hours after some guidance falls short . crm
kinda rough earnings response for crm to boot !
@brianfires @theiphawk @pavelsenor @13 yeah - but you have still lost meaningful money in vrx . and you ca n't support your sick girlfriend .
@zacangeline6 apple tv is not the best . apple music is not the best . beats is not the best , airpods barely work ... aapl
apple tv you 're dead in the water . what we 've been saying . youtube tv is a winner . espn and abc , broadcast and kids stuff 35 . goog aapl
@brianfires @theiphawk @pavelsenor @13 says someone long vrx forever and who can no longer support his sick girlfriend . i am just insane !
. @abiolahp who the f knows . i traded y2k and 9/11 ; last move always most violent . spx ndx
rt @donutshorts : `` i hope we have not provided too much information '' says the cfo who does n't publish a balance sheet @shitmgmtsays vrx
how will facebook shares react to snapchat 's ipo ? trade fb share cfds with 0 commissions ! capital at risk
1/ s & amp ; p futures spy up 17 points , highs of morning . traders did n't get more specifics on tax reform , infrastructure from trump speech ...
thoughtful intel downgrade by bernstein . the note is worth reading intc nvda amd
wall street will hear from new exxonmobil ceo darren woods shortly . xom
intel : sell , says bernstein , server is cracking ; fab advantage ai n't what it was intc via
amazon : not a great time to fumble the cloud , says global equities amzn orcl hpe
you you hate me if i told you i bought iwm at 138.25 yesterday afternoon ?
when sharpies do n't even take a breath . spy iwm
this spy is scary as shit lol
i have a hard time seeing trip as standalone in the next 3 years . it would give pcln a community dynamic that wou
nvda following the bearish path i expected so far .
this wall street firm says intel could get crushed by competition in 2018 - intc nvda
whoa . mcdonald 's just got halted : mcd
so mcd halted ... my theory is they 're bringing back the mcdlt with jason alexander as spokesman
mcd halted for news
just in : mcdonald 's shares halted for news pending . mcd
world 's largest wealth fund is worried about china and the us fxi spy
aapl but.. if you want to get aggressively long apple with options , take 3 minutes to read this
rt @stocktwits : whoa . mcdonald 's just got halted : mcd
news at mcd ? stock halted
so what is it , mcd ? oy .
costco is due to increase membership fees , potentially as early as thursday 's earnings report . what to expect :
so carl icahn sells nflx and aapl positions before their stocks go way up , right ?
and i 'd add cleanliness of restaurants . ( my biggest dissuader . ) mcd
goodbye to mcpick menu ? `` too many value combinations '' that `` diluted impact . '' mcd
there seems to be some major delivery news coming today from mcd . trading halted .
is mcd really just halted because of investor presentation or is there more news coming ?
would be awesome though - come on mcd , step it up . or at least invest a percentage in it . shak
palo alto delivers another 'messy ' quarter panw chkp csco ftnt
rt @peterfrost : sounds like more job cuts coming to mcd . in addition to cutting 500mm of g/a by end of 2018 , expect to cut 5-10 % more .
rt @ernestscheyder : of 25 wall street analysts tracking @exxonmobil , only 5 say buy stock . most analysts say buy @chevron
7 tweets that ruined careers twtr
wow intc you ca n't find buyers today ?
no matter how the numbers line up , snapchat is n't exactly facebook : fb
`` retail partners are just as important as corporate partners . '' baristas on paid parental leave tobeapartner sbux
sarepta stock seesaws on 2017 duchenne muscular dystrophy guide : srpt antm hum unh gild
in recently-released 10k , mcdonald 's adds `` trade measures '' to `` actions taken by government '' that could adversely affect its business mcd
rt @thestreet : no matter how the numbers line up , snapchat is n't exactly facebook : fb
gracias amigo ! spx 2800 bubble here we come ... thing about bubbles is they always have a crash ...
when i wrote this was 25 % sure spx was headed for bubble , now 75 % sure ... for every action , equal & amp ; opposite react
we ca n't jump or do parkour so ... yeah . this is scary . goog
vrx is this going ot be like a 1 ... 2 ... or 3 year process before 0 ? it 's already been a few .. how much more confirmation is needed lol
my price target on vrx has been 0 for a while . published when stock was 90 .
breaking : valeant discloses sec is conducting probe into possible securities law violations by salix ; vrx down as much as 6.1 %
nope . long em , commodities , euro financials , private energy , private equity ( all beating spx ) and increasing cash
spy has gap support at 238.37 . digesting above this would be constructive for higher prices . pivot resistance is 240.32
spx futures -3 after another big move to ath 's . maybe an inside day today above support at 2380. pivot resistance is 2400
rt @philipvandoorn : here 's what apple and a chicken processor have in common for this fund manager aapl safmf htt
solarcity quietly cut 3,000 jobs ahead of tesla sale - tsla look for thousands more as musk changes sales approach
i thought msft was a `` day 1 '' to get momentum back . did n't hold a third or half to keep commitment . so i sold for a loss
nflx now below 8/21 day and took out yesterday 's low of 142.10 . 140 is a big level now - below that . take care
after huge rally , market looks mixed as catalysts appear to be lacking spy uso vxx f gm
it just keeps getting worse for cat ... . caterpillar illinois facilities searched by law enforcement via @newsmax
where 's that guy who screamed at me about how great nvda is ? oh i remember , i blocked him .
mcdonald 's ceo : traffic is n't soft , it 's down mcd pnra
- tsla ca n't deliver anything on time
by the time the fbi entered crazy eddie 's premises all the documents were gone per our `` scorched earth '' policy . cat
i just searched cat facilities and found nothing
rt @canuck2usa : nvda inside and down daily bear flag today
@mikhail507 @jack hey do n't forget mayer at yahoo . she could be the worse . then jack . i 'm waiting to give snap a chance . twtr yhoo
more : federal law enforcement agencies began serving search warrants earlier today against @caterpillarinc cat says @wsj
blackberry 's head of strategy and acquisitions , jim mackey , tells me he left the canadian company in mid-february . bbry bb
more : irs , fdic and u-s attorney for central illinois reportedly part of investigation of @caterpillarinc cat
nvda could n't stay away - more lods
rt @thestreet : `` mcdonald 's is definitely late to the game ( but ) this may not drive growth '' mcd
if cat has a smart pr dept , they 're issue a statement before the close . ill be out by 4pm one way or the other .
so many ways to spin this . spx ndx bear plunges to death from helicopter via @nypost
rt @cnbcnow : new : feds seeking tax docs in search at cat facilities ; tax employees asked to leave building - nbc affiliate week
shares in caterpillar cat down 4.2 % & amp ; the main drag on the dow on reports of a law-enforcement investigation markets
stocks in retreat from yesterday 's record highs : djia -0.4 % , with a 4 % drop in cat a major drag on the index .
spx market sinks as everyone sells to buy snap
yahoo punishes ceo in latest fallout from security breakdown yhoo
cost on deck . frozen in the same amber tomb as the rest of retail until there s a pointless trade war decision
cat confirms raid involves csarl matter involving taxes
cost put seller in advance of earnings . `` you go in for milk and paper towels and you come out with a tv ''
rt @markbspiegel : basically , he bailed out his personal investment in scty using tsla stock , and now will quietly shut most of it down to
rt @seanansmith : cost falling on earnings miss & amp ; disappointing same-store sales @yahoofinance
breaking : costco cost q2 earnings per share ( eps ) , 1.17 vs. 1.36 expected
today s stocks losers : juno , shak , cat
iwm has been choppy and lagged recently . yesterday pivot low is 138.64 to use as today 's pivot .
spy sitting on wednesday 's gap as other sectors filled or started to fill theirs . 238.21 is today 's pivot . gap goes down to about 237
years of federal scrutiny lead to caterpillar cat hq raid
so that 's why cat still trading under 94 this morning .
wcu : gold and silver hurt by march rate-hike prospects oil wobbles by ole hansen oil gld slv
twitter must be crying , just that old stock people used to talk about . bye bye . twtr . snap has got everyone 's attention now . snap
why nomura initiated snap at reduce with a 16 price target fb snap
most indices below yesterday 's lows . getting day 2 down . spy pivot was 238.21 for continuation . gap is open down to 236.95
vrx row row row your boat
us stock indexes edge lower in afternoon trading ; oil rises cost luv
rt @cgasparino : even bankers say tech stock ipo valuations are too high and preventing cos like cos twtr from being sold later more now @f
squawk : commitments of traders tables covering the positions help by managed ... by ole hansen oil gld slv
the stephen king of sec filings . by tsla
now with complete tsla china 2016 dataset , courtesy @jato_dynamics mystery continues
being good at suffering stocks spx
indices have started the week on the back foot , with some small moves lower . ftse dax spx
rt @kantar : across asia pacific , consumers are looking beyond facebook and testing newer , more visual social media
so far being tactical from last week is helpful . spy spending some time below 237.73 . see if it stays below
been reviewing all short calls ( front of calendar , covered calls ) to buy back or roll down today . have only adjusted googl ... ...
11 quotes to teach you how to invest like ben graham , the man who taught warren buffett spy
a decade of smartphone growth fizzles . what 's next ? aapl goog vz
short sellers : what 's it mean for a stock to be 'hard to borrow ' ? snap spy
rt @shonaghosh : amazon handed over alexa recordings to the police in a murder case amzn by @shonaghosh
rt @lamonicabuzz : snap is set to fall again . fb had a tough go too at first . but is snap more like twtr ? i 'll discuss w/ @maggielake on
spx futures down 2-3 handles as tape drifts and gets lethargic- levels & amp ; thoughts
12 dividend aristocrats for every month of the year , via kiplinger xom cvx t
testy tuesday - 11,550 or bust on the nyse aapl nya dia spx ndx ba hd ibm
that little lower shadow closes the gap from sotu for spy
dks trade should look familiar to sig prgo lb vrx and all the others - same idea
radioshack to kodak ; these companies fell from grace the hardest aapl amzn bbry
@quagmires i do n't love today 's move in tsla with the rejection at the 8day . so i am flat it
@frankmazza3 haha . if snap buys twtr it would definitely be the worst company mistake in tech history . aol -time warner . snap is fine .
buffalo wild wings -- the wings cost too much bruh bwld 
weakness persists across indices , although we have only seen modest losses over the past week . ftse dax spx
wed starts more risk-on for stocks than mon/tue . nikkei , shanghai lagged but ftse , dax , us futures hold above flat line . spx dj
spy pivot low from yesterday is 236.76 . use that today to see if we find support around it . or get and stay below . 235ish next big spot
@ladyfohf @ivanthek you guys are right , iphone tweets do bridge the gap between genders and political party . seems bullish ... aapl
. @toyotamotorcorp exec , off-the-record : `` if you think we ever discuss tsla at the office , you are off-the-rocker . ''
juniper 's gary clark joins tsla as chief information officer via @reuters
not if there is a belief that the `` cooperation '' was n't honest . that 's justice.. cat
facebook to face mps over failure to remove problem images | technology | the guardian fb
cat call 1230pm @hedgeyeindstrls
has walmart finally created the endless shopping aisle ? if so , amazon should be worrie wmt amzn
every company exposed to the cia cyberhacking scandal aapl fb goog
the earnings recession has ended , but that does n't mean earnings are good enough to support more gains spx
`` investors should be increasingly concerned about the investment risks associated with cat shares '' @hedgeyeindstrls
the twittersphere responds to the vault7 cia cyber hacking revelations aapl xlk
three years ago , analysts called for tsla 2017 eps of 8.87 . avg pt 216 . now ? 1.73 a share loss w/ higher pt
beware of ides of march expiration mismatch vxx vix sonar report : via @youtube
america 's trade deficit since 1992 in one chart spx spy
parkervision : another case of 'sell the news ' prkr qcom
arista networks ' software strategy could jar cisco even more : anet csco msft googl fb
oil sooo heavy . giving bulls second thoughts in some other sectors . watch yesterday 's lows spy , iwm is below it . fas ugly candle
i used the @google vision api to try and see what their algorithm thought of trump . `` unlikely to be an adult '' sound
rt @katekelly : icymi : terrific scoop today by @jessedrucker on questions of tax , accounting fraud at cat
snap falls below opening price ; how long did twitter and facebook take to do the same ? fb gpro snap
starbucks shares under pressure amid concerning xad market share data dnkn sbux
citi set to ring the nyse closing bell . no , not to celebrate the 8th anniversary of c trading below 1 ( reverse-sp
a popular theory is that instagram is stealing ad dollars from snap . not so fast , @adweek 's @martyswant says .
did the cia clear the way for high-profile cyber attacks ? antm cost cvs
spy pivot low from yesterday is 236.40 . for today , see if it gets below & amp ; stays below , then 235.25 . or get below & amp ; reclaim for a bounce
good ol boy club : bank of america exec describes former employer bac @bankofamerica
gale assets for sale
rt @marketcurrents : eni sells mozambique stake to exxon for 2.8b premarket xom e
no , it 's not actual irish coffee , but beggars ca n't be choosers and @starbucks gave it a shot . sbux
`` doomed '' opec alliance with u.s. shale oil impractical and illegal @jkempenergy ceraweek oott saudi xom gas
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures down ; jobless claims data in focus ges shld sig spls tlrd spy uso
rt @deoneroberts : good ol boy club : bank of america exec describes former employer bac @bankofamerica
sig deeply engaged in talks w/ gs on outsourcing credit denies manipulating our numbers or our customers . wow . this is something .
what would iron ass say ? xom
spx futures down 2 as divergences persist- some levels and thoughts to plan the day .
most clayton clients were pwc auditees . gs , baba , jpm , eni , ally , barclays . @mattgoldstein26 @nyt adds vrx , vow to earlier @ft story .
axp like jpm 's sapphire exec does n't want u to game signups for rewards.but will keep offering them @jennysurane
rt @tischendorf : the 'safe ' and 'easy ' move is to raise cash here . spy hitting new highs before correcting would hurt traders . markets lik
rt @hedgeyehwp : looks like the ceo of bwld does not want to face the music and sent the cfo of 4 months to tell the story .
american , like delta , wo n't match the guidance it issued in january aal dal
rt @sam_l_shead : twitter has shut down its office in berlin twtr
a sense of foreboding as stock bull market nears 8th b-day spy dia via @barronsonline
tsla : amazon , aapl comparisons fair , not a reason to buy via @barrons
a look at historic fed rate hikes and their negative impact : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
stopped on fast
iwm reclaimed 135.78 after making a low of 135.61 . not that convincing
rt @cheddar : . @vfhive 's @nickbilton would n't invest in uber , saying he does n't think it will exist in ten years . here 's why . cheddarlive 
for for 1st time in 30 years tnx appears to show a breakout above trend . low rates have sustained high debt . what
this whole thing is silly . -- & gt ; fb launches snap feature to enhance pics which last only 24 hrs . emperorhasnoclothes they disappear
rt @thestreet : staples closed 48 stores last year & amp ; will shutter another 70 this year spls amzn
@ophirgottlieb twtr just gon na slowly bleed until it finds some semblance of support . they have 2.4b rev but no one cares b/c jack .
staples closed 48 stores last year & amp ; will shutter another 70 this year spls amzn
markets edge higher ; oil drops under 50 ; caterpillar falls again : jnj gs jpm cat xom rdsa baba ntes wb
rumors abound the iphone 8 may be delayed : winners and losers aapl qcom stm syna
final trade : wfm because of the massive april 30 call buying
valeant will tumble further - vrx when 77 we noted it was going way further . wall street is deaf , you are not .
with xle below 200day iwm below the 50day . in my morning call we discussed the spy at least testing the 21day .
calls for pwc to be replaced as cat auditor , among other changes
with u.s. economic data heating up , the burden of proof to the contrary is on the bears spy economy
tesla has a compelling long-term story , but will face near-term headwinds tsla
draghi day , crude dude , & amp ; trending thurs . discussed : elf , tlrd , rad , aig , fate , ulta investools
a bug in google s amp pages is inflating traffic metrics via @yahoofinance - googl
us stock indices down just a touch with around half an hour to the close . djia -0.1 % , with heavily-weighted component ibm falling 1.4 % .
rt @cnbcclosingbell : light guidance taking ulta beauty lower after hours . ulta
on march 9 , 2009 , the s & amp ; p 500 had lost 37 % over the piror 8 years . in the 8 years since it has gained 309 % . spx
credit suisse says plan to hire refugees damaging starbucks brand and sales sbux -- -
the market in 5 minutes spy fb snap tsla rds aig atu cpt ges ions
most acquisitions are finalized at a price that leaves some shareholders sitting on a loss hpe nmbl msft
@weeklystockchar check out our earnings estimate for adbe here :
. @adamfeuerstein talks vulnerable pharmaceuticals , drug pricing under trump gild ibb mrk xbi
i have no idea what gild should do - way above my pay grade - but pretty sure it 's not buying their own shares .
world bank tribunal annuls venezuela damages reward for exxon xom oilprice
starbucks ceo 's refugee comments sour customer views of chain : survey | reuters sbux grc
will the real health of starbucks business please stand up sbux
i didn t wake up to news of gild buying incy .
rt @street_insider : mobileye mbly halted , news pending ( earlier reports of takeover by intc )
fodder for bears : this is the most overvalued stock market on record even worse than 1929 spx djia
buffalo wild wings franchisees voicing support for company management in its fight v. marcato . bwld
2000 was height of craziness in tech bubble , some of fang likely to suffer same fate . aapl is actually cheap ...
this long spy and short tlt getting a tad long in the tooth .
drop in googl goog stock must be market fear that @realdonaldtrump will punish based on @google exec comments fearisnotastrategy iamlong
exxonmobil 's oil-equivalent production fell slightly to 4.1 million oil-equivalent barrels per day : xom
celg 's bob hugin sitting to trump 's left - not current ceo mark alles
fdx gap started at 50 % retrace . thats always a warnings sign , hence deeper pullback target . `` the hard right edge '' .
make tuesdays turn around again . spx
see how spy handles yesterday 's low of 226.41 . iwm low 133.24 .
i do n't expect fdx to get above opening print so id like to sell 189.50 ish .
exxon mobil is dodging questions about its investment plan for 2017 , in favor of presenting at analyst summit at nyse in march . xom
does msft expect the foreign cash repatriation holiday to not occur ?
if history repeats itself , february will see a market decline spx spy
how does ubs analyst milunovich build policy impact into aapl model ? `` with great difficulty . ''
ignore exxon earnings , xom has other problems
. @jimcramer -- 'facebook 's stock has run , and any stock that has run is vulnerable : ' fb
folks boycotting starbux may also need to stop brushing teeth , watching tv or getting fake news , given pg , nflx & amp ; fb comments about trump
fed , concon , & amp ; case-shiller . turnaround tues. discussed : uaa , drys , dltr , dg , xom , hog investools
depressed oil prices are keeping the heat on @exxonmobil xom
tue not going well so far for us earnings . ups -7.5 % after weak results/outlook , nke rival underarmour -7 % on gloomy fcasts dj
delta cancellations vs. trump protests : which caused more of a headache ? dal iyt luv trumpprotest deltaoutage
one could argue the tape trades great given the 'constitutional crisis . ' respect -- but do n't defer to -- the price action . spx ndx
could us lose its 'rule of law ' premium ? smart @marketplace convo with @reformedbroker @davidbrancaccio spy
why is change needed here ? because if you want success you must always adapt , refine , refine , refine fb twtr
pre earnings straddles aapl & amp ; fb , uaa calls active , bulls in crm @angiemiles
have exxon investors become 'fatigued ? ' its shares were down over 1 % in the early afternoon : xom
trump-tech honeymoon over as alphabet , netflix invited to join travel-ban suit googl aapl
aapl earnings today which is cool , and amd , which is not nearly as cool . and ea but meh . tomorrow is fb and mtch ( tinder ) . also cool .
twtr now up nearly 4.5 % . is twitter the 21st century trump equivalent of the 20th century kremlin 's pravda ? sarcasm
jack ma not making it easy for western union as shares slide : baba wu
fitbit 's smartwatch emphasis might not pan out well . fit
the romance between president trump and investors could be fading dia spy vxx
rt @elanazak : the whole world is paying attention to tweets now . so why ca n't twitter make any money ? twtr
the whole world is paying attention to tweets now . so why ca n't twitter make any money ? twtr
the options market is n't expect any fireworks from apple aapl
moment of truth : this trader bets it all on apple getting crushed after earnings aapl via @slangwise
rt @davidgzeiler : aapl will fall on ho-hum earnings . and give buyers a great chance to get in before this happens :
looks like guidance is a little light for electronic arts . ea down 2 % after hours .
rt @callieabost : spx just posted its least volatile january in at least 55 years . avg high-low intraday range of 0.55 % , smallest since at
how facebook is trying to fight fake news in your news feed fb
infographic : in 2016 , gs employees across 21 countries participated in communityteamworks :
the man who says he 's lost 2.5 million trying to day trade is live and wearing a wolf mask : aapl
rt @misleadme : one thing you wo n't hear on the aapl call today : `` people loved our innovation in killing off the headphone jack . ''
rt @mbearresearch : that moment every three months when aapl fanboys get the latest quarterly result ... 14 minutes from now .
rt @andreascseh : apple iphone7 sales fell 21 % while oppo increased its sales by 109 % in china airpods aapl @pr
a shkreli reference ... dying . wolf mask aapl earnings
irony : i 'm the only person who likes the ipad pro and i 'm maimed like johnny tremain ... gik aapl
rt @topsteptrader : aapl 1q iphone asp 694.57 , est . 688
gale sacks ceo amidst escalating criminal probe into fentanyl drug marketing & gt ;
ignore exxon earnings , xom has other problems
as prices recover , big oil descends on west texas permianbasin shale @ernestscheyder oott xom oxy uso wti
paul gallant : `` we continue to believe the ec will issue an antitrust ruling against googl -- likely in the next few months ''
apple is considering legal action against trump 's immigration ban and matching employee donations aapl
trader tries to short apple earnings , pukes up life savings aapl twtr thefinalyolo
rt @saraheneedleman : ea said sales of battlefield 1 exceeded expectations , while titanfall 2 '' sales fell short of projections . ea
apple 's renaissance in china is key for the iphone 8 success but it faces a tough road ahead aapl
i trimmed some of my spy and ibb . not adding here into this strength . yesterday was the time to scoop it up long .
here 's how much it costs an airliner to cancel a flight aal dal ual deltaoutage
rt @arjunkharpal : apple 's renaissance in china is key for the iphone 8 success but it faces a tough road ahead aapl
i 've written about steve jobs 's family halving its disney stake . aapl dis @barronsonline
aapl `` trade idea 2 : buy feb 3 expiry 120/117/114 put butterfly for 0.50 . '' this is a bust , can try to get something for 120/117 at the open
looks like a bit of starter flow rotating back into financials here.. iwm bac
instagram is ruining snapchat 's story fb by @biintelligence
fred smith : @fedex using almost 100 % more tires to produce same mileage [ vs 20 yrs ago ] . why : so many potholes ... tearing up tires faster fdx
facebook has one long-term concern that you need to know about fb
how trump 's immigration policies could impact the future of apple aapl
rt @nanexllc : gdx went right to the luld circuit breaker . grama entered in more shares than she wanted .
why the case for a border adjustment tax relies on a questionable assumption dow intc kr intc mcd vz uup wfc
rt @seeitmarket : welcome to february . the 'weak link ' in the best 6 months of the year spx
bad week for peoria cat
fb rally now under the 1.75 % mark .
. @jbooton and i are breaking down numbers from this ridiculous facebook earnings report in a live blog . join us !
boycottstarbucks may be the biggest boycott of a public co. in 5 years . but will it actually hurt the company ? sbux
do apple suppliers fall far from the tree ? aapl crus oled swks tsm
as i said ... i do n't think fb has a clear future growth path for a 350b market cap .
rt @sarahfrier : zuckerberg says entering china is part of the long-term plan , but there 's no news at all in the short term . fb
in q4 , political spending in the us was n't a top 10 vertical for facebook , sandberg says . `` no one event is that big for our business . '' fb
quote of the century ... sheryl sandberg : ' 500 million judgement in not material to our business ' fb
this analyst questions apple s china revenue claims via @barronsasia aapl
here 's that bigger picture spx few which shows different trends and why active traders are cautious up here . spy
quick spy visual from yesterday with language . i 'll update after mc- some say it was a rdr sell signal at 228.20
spy below yesterday 's low of 226.94 ( see if it stays below or gets reclaimed ) . tuesday 's key support spot is 226.30ish . stay on ur toes
spx futures -8. that island top from monday/ hairline fracture will try & amp ; break the accelerated trend . 2267-2270 is key area
good morning . mostly red arrows around the world . europe , the dax-.3 % cac-.07 % . in asia , the nikkei-1.2 % china closed . spx futures -8
fb boilerplate language can and will be used against it , again !
rt @howardlindzon : quote of the century ... sheryl sandberg : ' 500 million judgement in not material to our business ' fb
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures drop ahead of earnings , economic data spy uso aa fb pm mjn amzn
goog cloud exec is leaving the company
despite impressive growth - closing in on 2b users - @facebook stock is n't getting much of a post-earnings pop : fb
this is the peak for facebook : chowdhry fb
lmao @wallstjesus spots the strangest action vrx - zero to hero play ? or maybe some cheeeeap protection on an equi
microsoft takes issue with trump 's executive order on immigration . read letter from msft chief legal officer here .
warning : apple could dive over 40 % by early 2018 aapl
editors picks @reuterstv - isis flees its luxe hotel ; tillerson steps in ; and the latest amzn air force plans .
amazon options traders are pricing for a much smaller-than-usual stock price move , as @tomikilgore explains amzn
swks next aapl ecosystem domino to fall ? crus
on facebook 's quarter , @cnet 's @benfoxrubin warns that the platform is running out of ad space , so revenue growth m
uber to suspend service in taiwan , and microsoft asks for exception on trump eo . watch : cheddarlive golive msft
facebook 's soon-to-be conflict : netflix 's ceo is a board member fb nflx
2x value tweet : dr ruth to morning sex , amazon misses earnings a lot . amzn
rt @maxnisen : ahahahaha millennials bought a bunch of vrx last year
ahahahaha millennials bought a bunch of vrx last year
should investors fear new 52 week lows ? stocks spx
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : amazon q4 eps 1.54 vs. 1.35 est . ; q4 revs . 43.74b vs. 44.68b est . amzn
whoa . amazon misses on revenue . but beats on eps : amzn
amzn not enough to break highs .
breaking : amazon amzn q4 revenue , 43.74b vs. 44.68b expected
every twitter takeover rumor of 2016. there were a lot . twtr
rt @marketwatch : amazon earnings just hit . dive in over at our live blog : amzn
i was wrong . not a blow out quarter for amzn . options will be a 0- there 's some support 780ish . if it gets there
rt @cnbcclosingbell : amzn down 3.4 % after hours
rt @lamonicabuzz : amazon beat on earnings but missed on sales . guidance looks a little light as well . amzn down 3 % after hours .
more : amzn sales rose to 43.74 billion in the fourth quarter , below analysts ' expectations of 44.68 billion
amazon 's sales increase falls short of analyst expectations , but profit jumps 55 % amzn
amzn down 4 percent after-hours , currently third-largest decliner on s & amp ; p 1500 post market .
amzn at-the-money 840 weekly straddle 41.35 into the close , a move of 4.9 % . drop is 9 less than the options priced in
twitter -9 % in pre-market twtr
twtr q4 revenue misses estimates . 717m versus 740m expected . stock down more than 6 percent .
for @twitter the platform , the trump effect is more like a @realdonaldtrump curse on twtr
twitter reports q4 adj . eps 0.16 vs 0.12 est. , sales 717m vs 740m est . ; stock falls 10 % twtr
twtr down nearly six percent on report of missed revenue expectations . ruh roh
twtr getting oakley 'd after earnings . if the election quarter was n't meaningful for key metrics , nothing will be .
twitter twtr shares tumble 8.6 % in premarket trading , despite 2 million new users . live prices :
i 've spent nearly entire subway ride looking at twitter & amp ; tweeting about twitter 's inability to grow sales/users at faster clip . meta twtr
rt @msabalakrishnan : collective oof in the office : twtr crates after ugly revenue miss , shockingly weak guidance , by @berkeleyjr
ballmer ( one of top twtr shareholders ) says when he talks to @jack , convo goes something like this `` more , more innovation ... move move move ''
`` it might have felt like we weren t changing much over the last year . '' - @jack twtr
twitter 's ad revenue declined yoy for the first time since its ipo . also saw the slowest quarterly revenue growth since that time . twtr
on twitter : advertisers pulling back spending lead to revenue drop says atlantic but user engagement grows twtr
shares in twitter down 10 per cent in pre-market trading , as it missed already conservative revenue expectations . twtr
twitter posts flat u.s. monthly active user growth , despite election focus twtr
regn wins the contest for longest safe harbor statement
twitter also warns of a more competitive environment for branded advertising since mid-jan. is that because of instagram stories ? twtr
twitter 's revenue growth falls to 1 % , slowest in the company 's history . twtr
twitter outlook a few characters short , and coke 's forecast fizzles - today 's stocks to watch : twtr ko
@cartermansbach everyone is always `` encouraged by the metrics '' ... but bottom line when you are a public companies is revenues . fix it twtr
analyst makes fairly savage snow joke about eylea guidance on regn call . also , company wo n't be doing single product guidance in the future
added a little more twtr pre market in this plunge . the whole company could be managed by 8 robots and three comedians . trust me .
thrilling thursday - shorting oil at 53 - again uso tza ung sqqq twtr --
rt @claireatki : twtr down 9 percent in pre-market . yikes ! bring back @adambain
regn ceo calls out `` constant price increases '' and `` tone deafness '' in tnf drug class . abbv jnj amgn
not surprised twtr shares are dropping . rich content but content ai n't for sale . ca n't get ad revenue on a site businesses do n't run ads
rt @kchaykowski : twtr shares fall 9 % in pre-market trading on 4q revenue that misses estimates . 1q earnings forecast is also weak .
the early bird did not catch the worm . twitter stock still diving after reporting fourth-quarter earnings . twtr
tsla starting to flag intraday
yes , twtr 's desire to protect pearl-clutching sjws is virtuous & amp ; noble ( rolls eyes ) , but how about some dividends for us `` evil '' investors .
twtr stock is down to new lows , here is how as its new ceo i would make it profitable .
regn joins long list of drug cos receiving subpoenas from mass . doj office re : patient assistance programs
yeah , lots of bears on fb..
the run in nvda is over for a while
rt @hedgeyeinternet : yelp : shifting other revenue in local advertising ? really ? how many times is mgmt going to shuffle around segments to
nvidia reports q4 adj . eps 1.13 may not compare to 0.83 est. , sales 2.17b vs 2.11b est . nvda
rt @ericjhonsa : as twtr 's ad sales flatline , it 's hard to overlook the impact talent losses seem to be having on execution .
not good enough nvda
tech 's biggest loser in today 's earnings parade : yelp , which is down more than 8 % after a light forecast . yelp
dow , s & amp ; p 500 , nasdaq hit record highs ; why did nvidia get hit after hours ? nke nvda yelp uaa tsla payc twtr
the next iphone may set you back 1000 . why ? ! aapl
@redacre lol i remember people chasing gild in 90s . wayyyy too soon .
after today , 10,000 invested in twitter on its ipo day would be worth about ... 3,638 twtr
here 's how twtr performed under @dickc by comparison
nvda what sell off ?
tesla workers now may want a union because people are reportedly getting hurt on the job tsla
nvidia beats earnings estimates as the ai business expands , but tepid forecast sends shares down 2 % nvda
wireless charging and premium upgrades could mean some versions of the iphone 8 could cost 1000 :
uaw drive `` could disrupt tsla ''
bitcoin takes beating , while gold shines btc xbt gld china
rt @jamesliamcook : apple ceo tim cook : fake news 'is one of today s chief problems ' aapl by @jamesliamcook
twitter 's role in this political cycle was complicated twtr @realdonaldtrump
cavalcade of twtr downgrades by big houses . the last bit of goodwill is gone . hasta la vista dor sey .
message of market trump economic policies coming & amp ; no trade war key stocks us steel x tesla tsla walmart wmt rt
twitter gets trampled despite trump twtr
bad reviews for yelp shares , and investors tune out pandora - today 's stocks to watch : yelp p
did you survive the 100 minute dip in nvda ?
@kapelianis hey , looks like twtr has you flagged as a troll . i had to scroll way down to see this tweet .
is starbucks becoming a show-me story ? argus downgrades stock sbux
~ twtr implementing auto-blocking mechanisms for sjws = blocking disagreement & amp ; alternative viewpoints = contrary to info-sharing mission
twtr does n't understand that you ca n't cater to sjws . ~what sjws call `` harassment '' is just disagreement that they do n't want others to hear
twtr if confused ... . see fit gpro charts for assistance
this is what happens to your company when you listen to sjws and act contrary to your mission statement . this is
`` my feelings are hurt . please implement shadow blocking so i do n't see mean tweets and no one else does either '' - sjws to twtr management
the consensus view on nflx is n't bullish enough , according to rbc
nvda looks likea fader short 119 against hod
rt @ibd_elow : my latest feature : malls heighten retail theatrics to avoid amazon 's kiss of death aapl amzn m jw
rt @ophirgottlieb : remember , if you ever need a stock quote on twitter just tweet : @cmlviz quote ticker & lt ; -- choose your ticker twtr aa
uaw confirms workers at tesla have approached the union - tsla
rt @bespokeinvest : amazingly twitter twtr was actually up 15 % on the year heading into yesterday 's open . two-day move puts it down 3.6 % y
i am still in a portion of nflx and baba from earlier strategies this week . just less
do n't get inspired , tsla : they could n't do it without big renault-nissan
nvidia stock | nvda | shares breifly dip lower despite record earnings via @modestmoney
should have given those nvda put flys a longer leash , ugh
nvda 1 last push lower and its a cover
nvda popped to 120 & amp ; now down . the stock should 've blown the roof off with those numbers last night . it did n't . run is stalled .
if you 're long on twtr and getting bagged blame @d4ytrad3 he has n't stopped adding short since yesterday
@aussieflya no i did n't . same pattern . engagement was up . they just ca n't capitalize on anything . totally inept management . twtr
@bingdrinkkick @jack why . facebook does n't need them . google should buy them but no one will . best thing they have are it 's users . twtr
nearly 3 dozen wall st analysts now rate twitter a hold or sell twtr via @wsjmoneybeat
yelp gets no help from q4 report yelp
is twitter doomed or can it be saved ? i 'll discuss twtr on @tfeshow at 11:45 et . @wrko680
judiciary branch continues to stump trump admin as judge upholds fiduciary rule spy
tsla ceo @elonmusk claims employee pushing to unionize is a paid agitator , @uaw denies via @electrekco
facebook agrees to audit of its metrics following data controversy - wsj fb
nke is dead . ua gon na kill it . it 's old and it 's just ... wait , what 's that you say ? oh , nvm ... - see chart -- & gt ;
nvidia slips : great , but not a blow-out . will amd take share ? nvda via @barronstechblog
elon musk responds to tesla factory workers talking about unionizing tsla
rt @desantis : twtr market cap : 9.8b xbt market cap : 15.6b twitter is dead ! long live bitcoin !
tsla 's aspiring unionizer responds to @elonmusk 's attempt to 'trash ' him via @bloomberg
with no turnaround imminent , loop capital downgrades twitter twtr
not one soul talking about russell flag breakout.. one reason iwm now a dst pick .
an admitted apple bear just suddenly turned bullish aapl
`` you ca n't be stubborn when you 're an investor . then you may not make any money , & amp ; you may lost a lot '' aapl
rt @chipcorley : how markets have fared a week , month , 3 & amp ; 6 months after first inauguration . @factset spy dia
amazon : finally getting competition fdx amzn
why is n't this facebook story about inflated metrics a bigger deal ? we 're discussing here : cheddarlive fb
@alex still worth more than twtr .
rt @gilliantan : amex investors might want to hold the applause via @bfly axp
today s stocks losers : tcon , clf , yelp
twtr should just go non profit and private . pay the bills keep the lights on and screw wall st .
maryann keller : tsla numm iocation toxic for carmaking
cisco wo n't reimburse partners who send out engineers to proactively replace devices csco knows will fail .
tim arcuri : aapl supply chain sales fell 18 % m/m in january , 500bps below seasonal
downside pre-mkt : hain , uvxy , lnce , inov , s , ung , zts , tlys , viix , tmus , ag , trv , vixy powered by
plug , the market 's biggest pos now that aria is gone .
is @reformedbroker the most ridiculous sbux order of all time ? @halftimereport
i ca n't believe a legit pharma bought zeltiq and it 's `` a kinda-doctor will freeze your fat off ! '' biz . zltq agn
will today be another low-volume squeeze ? djia
nvda at fridays lows watching for a refade
rt @humblestudent : a blow-off top , or a wimpy top ? spx spy much depends on the new federalreserve governors
rt @wallstjesus : some early bulls & gt ; & gt ; yum aapl vale crm cien luv twtr qcom
rt @hedgiemark : hired the attorney . tsla mx lemon law . 150k + 300k in civil damages . 35 repair days . had the car for 7 months . slam dunk
when you were n't lookin ' they just sat sat sat on nvda
twitter has become wall street s bad joke twtr
nope . got all out of tsla last week . missed today 's move . happens
i 've got your 'dewie boot-on ' purse on backorder from china . baba
rt @echasan : in sustainability @bloombergbrief : fb googl face shareholder proposal on fakenews ; sovereign greenbonds ; esg
agn is spending a lot of time and effort to collect a very odd basket of assets .
bullish flow continues into bac ; sweepers gon na be long till they 're wrong on this one @wallstjesus
@riskreversal answers @pinerguard53 s question about csco
daniel loeb 's third point capital dumps allergan , adds big banks agn jpm bac gs
relatively light size as we head into the top of the hour qcom x ge twtr yum bac
amazon says may face penalties for running afoul of iran sanctions amzn
celg tries again ... ( lol ) - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
nflx and hubs are rude ( via @1mstockgame )
how fed governor tarullo stepping down changes the balance of hawks and doves on the fomc bbt ge spy
c playing some catch up
intel 's 'threat landscape dashboard ' tells you today 's worst digital threats intc
@alex @1mstockgame i 'm so close . dammit . stupid twtr is killing me i ca n't believe i own it in the game .
tesla unionizer returns fire after elon musk 'trashes ' him - bloomberg tsla labor
is it game over for media publishers ' 2-year run ? atvi ea ttwo
the metal that failed economics jjc spx copper
indystar : dad blames tsla auto for daughter 's death via @detroitnews
much less 'fire tim cook ' in my stream these days ... why i sold a few shares over the last week aapl
spx - [ nzdusd ] bullish scalping -
either the dozen or so tsla critics in my timeline are waaaaay wrong or wall st is going down with elon musk
should equity investors fear rising rates ? spx stocks
the 160bn failed merger btwn agn & amp ; pfe in 2016 was the largest m & amp ; a break-up ever . it pushed failed m & amp ; a to an 8-y
@zerofiltertruth i hate this company . jack is the worst ceo in america and he is killing the service . sell the stock . twtr
the mattel is selling toys on alibaba 's tmall rally was short lived . mat now down 1 % . baba down too . but mattel rival has up slightly .
rt @seeitmarket : smh sharply rejecting yesterday 's all time highs leader nvda has been lagging . momentum divergence has built up
the buy high/sell low conundrum : @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
that 's the pivot it failed at nflx . the visual .
aapl fire tim cook . free apple .
this is not a buy pattern . aapl
spx500 - spx - do n't fight the trump -
. @jason_kint we struggle with : can longer form video on fb monetize as well as legacy news feed ? -- consumers do n't like interruptions
. @adamlashinsky says apple is rarely first in terms of smartphone form factor , waiting for competitors to innovate .
in the era of 'fake news , ' fake filings can impact stocks cmg mcd avp bac fit
rt @jcmccracken : gs gives 100 bankers or so a `` goose egg '' for their bonus . ouch .
gs gives 100 bankers or so a `` goose egg '' for their bonus . ouch .
@realdonaldtrump why use gs as your employment agency ? inquiring minds wan na know !
apple 's cfo explained why its research and development costs increased to 2.8 billion aapl
bank of america misses a big options payday , goldman cashes in ... gs bac
permabears hit rock bottom as stocks notch new record highs . s & amp ; p 500 ( 2337 ) spy nasdaq ( 5782 ) qqq russell ( 1396 )
spy lol
rt @cnnmoney : the long drama between yahoo and verizon may finally be coming to an end . yhoo vz
so who do you think is driving this autonomous waymo vehicle on the alphabet campus ? googl
deutsche bank casts doubt on pfizer 's rumored takeover approach to bristol-myers bmy pfe gild rhhby nvs mrk
harit talwar on building @marcus , a start-up within gs :
another exclusive from sf 1market : twitter coo @anthonynoto will be on @squawkalley tomorrow with @jimcramer .
what happens when others are greedy ? new post . spx
hi-5 to @chamath for coming on @cnbc today ; great chat about @realdonaldtrump aapl and @snapchat
spx qqq too far , too fast , imho .
csco misses the estimize eps consensus by 1c and the estimize revenue consensus by 36.91m -
curb your enthusiasm into cisco earnings csco via @investopedia
spy ath rsi overbought , support lower 233.7/232.2/229.4/228.25
good morning . mixed markets around the world . europe down small dax-.2 % cac-.21 % in asia , the nikkei-.47 % , shanghai+.51 % hk+.47 % spx futs-1
rt @ophirgottlieb : spx qqq too far , too fast , imho .
think caterpillar inc. 's stock will soar after its fantastic run in 2016 ? read this cat
( `` skeevy '' is a complement . driving user data snap ca n't monetize ( see : twtr ) is the bigger issue . engagement seems spotty )
big u.s. banks to push for easing of money laundering rules gs jpm bac
@assumeacanopenr the socratic method does n't work on twtr . i 'd suggest a `` yes , and '' improv approach . teamwork , not arguments
watch these 7 huge put purchases in thursday trade amat axp car rcii oclr lpl ctsh
spx levels and thoughts as overbought signals flash a bit more
a peek into the markets : stock futures down ahead of jobless claims , housing starts data adi avp csco trip wen
only trade with what you can afford to lose . spx ndx
my interest in iwm now is closer to 136.50 than 140 .
there were some that were very doubtful of dip buyin the jnug and gdx names . so far the wiseguys are sittin decen
spy - friday expiration . 230 had the most calls , but now that price is so much over , really not much resistance th
cowen 's john blackledge out on amzn based on new 10-k disclosures and proprietary data , estimating average of ~80mm prime subs in 2016
ken cacciatore publishes part vi in his series on agn 's pipeline , including perspective on vraylar for negative symptoms of schizophrenia
morning movers : valeant jumps , kate spade soars , mgm drops vrx kate df khc mgm abx
my latest post for @forbes : `` what if retail traffic declines last forever ? '' retail shoptalk amzn m
aapl obv nowhere near as good as khc obv = are funds buying or selling . its that simple .
rt @jasonmilano8 : @jimcramer on cnbc asking twtr coo `` what is wrong with twtr '' & amp ; `` why do n't you crater ? '' . priceless
what does puzder stepping down mean for the fate of labor dept . 's overtime rule ? spy puzderwithdraws
market 's winning streak in jeopardy ; netease surges to record levels : csco aapl wb zion schw momo nvda veev
why wix could be a major threat to amazon amzn etsy wix
have n't deleted your yahoo account yet ? reminder : hackers forged login cookies yhoo
why the buy and hold investing meme is flawed : by @lanceroberts spy dia qqq
tsla down 9 after this : ubs analyst ca n't understand why tesla shares are up so much in '16 , sell the stock
today 's chart : ubs says now is the time to 'sell ' tesla @seanansmith tsla
`` if everyone was jumping off a bridge , would you do that too ? '' ( explaining my stock purchases in the future ) spx ndx
do you believe tsla lasy year 's acquisition of solarcity is an unneeded distraction ?
gs how to bet get _aggressively_ on deregulation but manage risk
celg the bizarre skew building in celgene what is skew ? -- & gt ;
u.s. stock market : `` meh , we just going to wait for our tax cuts '' spx
fcx cooling down after a strong run . put sweepers at the ready scopping up protection :
rt @foxbusinessam : verizon yahoo revising their purchase agreement downward , reports say vz yhoo @simonettilauren
tesla shares fall after ubs reiterates sell rating , and more . watch live : cheddarlive golive tsla
it 's just a coincidence that arista is reporting earnings a day after cisco detailed big decline in networking sales , right ? csco anet
the most-hated bear in solar is n't backing down via @markets tsla
sorry , i see nothing newsworthy in this zuckerberg `` mission statement '' for facebook . fb
why the 1 % is still cautious about this market spy
is cisco running out of levers to pull to boost revenues ? csco
nflx should fear amzn 's muscle
i have no idea what this means different for fb ?
spy has yesterday 's low at 233.85 . we 'll see how the market treats this pivot today . if it gets below & amp ; stays below 233.10 is next .
a peek into the markets : u.s. stock futures fall ahead of campbell earnings spy uso anet bbw cpb de sjm nus
celg trying ( long + small option bet of a melt up ) - see chart -- & gt ; via @cmlviz
rt @timothysykes : the market is closed now so it 's study time , read this learn from the past fb twtr & amp ; have a gre
as i said was too far above the 230 s. wasn t going to happen . spy spx
citigroup board cuts 2016 pay for ceo michael corbat , while bofa gives its boss a raise . bac c
@brianfires well you are stupid enough to be long vrx - but if you are not short hlf just let me know .
rt @cecileva : gold is misbehaving : @edvanderwalt gld
.. @howardlindzon amzn , goog , msft , baba all standalone security companies dead within decade ; platforms win .
made in china : the coming iphone apocalypse - video @apple aapl
baristas are joining this campaign asking @starbucks for more paid parental leave tobeapartner sbux
fast food in 2016 : who came out on top and who 's best positioned for the future ? mcd wen qsr
here 's how to trade stocks like a sniper ! aim small , miss small fb twtr
apple says eu made fundamental errors in irish tax ruling aapl
rt @timothysykes : here 's how to trade stocks like a sniper ! aim small , miss small fb twtr
@megtirrell it was gild per the 8k
does the s & amp ; p really need higher oil ? stocks spx
fb has been quiet- perhaps tier one long vs. 132.50 and add with a high volume close above 134ish-
leerink 's joseph schwartz none too impressed with srpt 's prv deal with gild
stockalert - stocks to watch today on wallstreet yhoo aapl
there s a few big questions about the model 3 that tesla needs to answer tomorrow tsla
lol @twtr 's mission statement : ~ '' info sharing w/out boundaries '' ( but qualified w/sjw : '' but you do n't have a platform for spreading hate '' )
google agrees to let a third party audit its ad metrics - googl
40 % of us companies ( 1,700 ) are still currently loss making ( i.e . have negative net income ) - andrew lapthorne , soc
wb has run sina has lagged , now sina out of jail ?
@gnarlydragoons dude . i 'm 46. you do n't need to age me . i 'm very kid like . ask anyone . in fact . solid game of battlefield1 last night . ea
iphone 8 : sales likely to grow , but not the 'super cycle ' some expect aapl
rt @jbooton : quit calling the iphone 8 a 'super cycle , ' warns deutsche bank . fear aapl will suffer if expectations are too high :
quit calling the iphone 8 a 'super cycle , ' warns deutsche bank . fear aapl will suffer if expectations are too high :
rt @rorol : csx ceo 's departure by may and expected layoffs -- indication that a deal with activist manager paul hilal is close .
boeing , pfizer and others band together to ask congress for more taxes mrk ba cat pfe utx dow ge
the precipitous fall of the blackberry in one graph bbry
freeport-mcmoran sinking today . piper jaffray 's craig johnson & amp ; chad morganlander of washington crossing advisors dis
uh oh . flaming hot rally in bank stocks getting the downgrade slap from analysts via
focus this morning was tsla mbly dgaz shorts out of gate cash across board now
cramer 's stop trading luv
stocks start lower as every stupid trump policy hurts confidence in our future . bonds up & amp ; gold . tesla and nvidia holding up . tsla nvda
does twitter have a video problem ? twtr
fb . yes i came in long and added at 134.10 like my commentary from the morning . now trim and hold
@biotechtoreador oncs was spun out of ino years ago .
@kimblecharting avoid . looks too much like vrx
markets struggle to find positive ground ; fed minutes may move them spy uso vxx tlt dia
fb if you 're bullish and trade options , know this
rt @canuck2usa : fb few weeks ago the top was in after er ... ..
why md anderson shelved its ibm watson project : by @matthewherper
we ve been hearing vr is the next big thing for awhile . wonder when the bigness will arrive ? msft fb htccy sne
rt @seeitmarket : chart spotlight : bear market indicator back to neutral for now - blog by @callum_thomas spy
it feels like 2007 all over again : @johnzechner tells @bnn spy tsx
warren buffett may simply take over this airline entirely luv dal ual nsc unp aal
why tesla 's earnings report does n't matter tsla bidu f gm
rt @probesreporter : last week we warned solarcity has a confirmed , undisclosed sec probe too . think anyone will ask about it ? tsla
last week we warned solarcity has a confirmed , undisclosed sec probe too . think anyone will ask about it ? tsla
rt @pattonles : mcdonald 's is cutting soda and coffee prices to combat the industry 's slump mcd
let 's see if they start the pile back on again post minutes bac
terrible audio ... but at least it 's on the web if you wan na hear @bankofamerica 's moynihan once more on hb2 bac
rt @cgrantwsj : tsla factset consensus : sales : 2.16b adj . eps : 53 cent loss . everything else ?
tsla factset consensus : sales : 2.16b adj . eps : 53 cent loss . everything else ?
with smartphones , smartwatches , and now hearables , `` everything '' is a real threat to fitbit , @marketwatch 's @jbooton
so this actually happened . aapl
breaking : fitbit , inc fit q4 revenue , 573.78m vs. 576.04m expected
breaking : fitbit , inc fit q4 non-gaap earnings per share ( eps ) misses estimates , ( 0.56 ) vs. ( 0.5 ) expected
now on @bloombergradio cfra analyst : `` there 's a cash flow situation with tesla that makes you wonder why the stoc
rt @cnbcnow : earnings : tesla q4 loss ( 0.69 ) ; q4 revs . 2.28b vs. 2.18b est . tsla
fit misses the estimize eps consensus by 13c and the estimize revenue consensus by 10.05m -
fit reports fq4 earnings of -56c eps and 573.78m revs -
so i read this as tesla lost 20.8m in customer deposits in fourth quarter . anyone want to agree/disagree ?
tsla wo n't give full yr deliveries guidance ( due to production adjustments ) but expects to sell 47,000 - 50,000 vehicles in first half .
tsla misses the estimize eps consensus by 63c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 50.56m -
still no update from tesla on model3 reservations . total customer deposits for tsla : almost 664m .
exxon lowers proved reserve estimate , only replaced 65 % of the oil and gas it pumped last year : via @wsj xom
rt @biuk_tech : apple spoke out against trump 's withdrawal of obama-era transgender protections aapl
tsla green to red test - please stop fading we need you higher for better entry later on .
nvidia falls following nomura downgrade , analyst concerned about slowdown in gaming nvda
.. @paulvigna next time you title a piece emphasizing bitcoin 's volatility plz give calcs/charts on vol 4 perspective .
high flying nvidia cut to sell at nomura - sees 19 % downside nvda notablecall
icymi : google plans to discontinue yet another product goog
rt @retheauditors : apple condemns trump 's transgender decision will treasury retaliate , pull support for aapl in i
this is the mosh pit that makes me want to sell some more sbux for the trust !
@weaverwealthnc the dude held vrx from 250 to 20 .
why @timseymour is n't convinced by tesla 's stock performance : tsla
interestingly , agn has been vocal about drug prices but the bulk of its future growth is plastic surgery , cosmetics
tesla cfo departure and more big spending plans outweigh solid electric car sales . tsla down 5 % this morning ,
think a negative tweet from trump crushes a stock ? think again ... gm lmt ba twx amzn aapl
stocks open higher . have tesla and nvidia down 4 % at the open . like to see that . we like these companies . dca . nvda tsla
shares of tsla fell more than 2.3 % after the auto company reported a wider than expected loss .
rt @lilyjamali : . @allisonmcneely on gs 's surprise for maple bondholders ; @katiadmi on china 's rumored plans to attract foreign cash
elon musk conceded that a new stamping press needed to produce model 3 parts has n't been delivered yet : tsla
if oil goes to 70 , that 's a very bad thing net-net . fed will be forced to hike more quickly , and tax reform will be cancelled out xom bp
sina intaday bear flag
rbc not adding macy 's to its shopping cart despite m & amp ; a rumors amzn m
weibo 's post-earnings sell-off hits many chinese internets . baidu q4 tonight wb sina
rt @rudyhavenstein : with all the wfc outrage , why has n't the financial media gone after c or jpm in the same way ? @cnbc @business
nvda q4 report on 2/9 first time in 4 qters co did n't raise guide big vs. street . variant perception on pascal upgrade cycle upside is gone
spx failed to hold 2366 and went red . now see if it holds 2354-2358 area . it 's an important upper spot to measure .
covered the rest of my spy hedge here . i 'll revisit it . i do n't need a hedge as i got stopped out of many longs today
qqq below a prior low of 130.11 . let 's see if it stays below for a small change .
sina not even 1 bounce yet..just 9ema ride down
who remembers this one ? set the way back machine for dec 28 , 2016 : why nvidia s booming stock may fall 20 % nvda
tsla faces life after subsidies in hong kong , 'beacon city ' for electric cars via @wsj
citi prepares for regulatory rollback c
three weeks ago @jeffmacke and the @estimize roundtable ditched nvda not surprising what happened next
lost in the model 3 outlook was news that tesla 's cfo jason wheeler will leave the company in april : tsla
nvidia : know the difference between 'highly valued ' and 'overvalued ' intc nvda swks
tsla shares slip as cash-burn raises concerns via @reuters
as nvidia catches a pair of downgrades , attention turns to advanced micro devices amd intc nvda
to @vfhive 's @nickbilton , there 's `` no question '' facebook is a media company , given its influence on news consumptio
rt @ldrogen : three weeks ago @jeffmacke and the @estimize roundtable ditched nvda not surprising what happened next
. @jimcramer says tesla needs to raise capital : tsla
no , gary cohn did not pay 200 million in taxes to work for trump @ewolffmann @yahoofinance gs
gadfly 's shira ovide warns snap investors : buying the ipo is 'an act of lunacy ' fb twtr
the @jack dorsey portfolio delivered mixed results this quarter sq twtr
bank etfs could disappoint kbwb xlf
as stocks soar , short sellers retreat from etfs spy xop xrt
i did try & amp ; buy tsla into the support zone ( 258- 262 ) as i came in flat today . it did n't work well . now i wait ag
the 2014 naaim wagner award winning paper `` an intermarket approach to tactical risk rotation '' spx stocks
double downgrade sinks nvidia 's stock nvda
i think right now is my lowest equity exposure since the day after the election . when spx 2146 was reclaimed . fyi
the s & amp ; p 500 tech sector ended down today for its first negative session after a 15-day winning streak ; it 's still the best sector ytd . spx
saudi aramco might not be worth anywhere near 2 trillion xom uso
rt @benzinga : welcome to trumpville : the market in 1929 and now spy @markyusko
us stocks waver as investors back away from industrials mro x hpq
thursday thoughts - tesla 's emperor musk has no clothes ! tsla jo oil ung abx slw dba xle khc f udn
could your fitbit data raise the cost of your health insurance ? fit
exclusive : apple kills ties with supplier of data center servers after security concern . a strange tale . smci aapl
qqq think the market will be stuck in the mud ? how to use options in nasdaq-100 to find and execute on edge --
wowzerz goog is taking uber to court goog has way , way , way more money and bandwidth for distraction
96 % of msft us 113.24 billion cash reserves are held abroad+it cd be depressing its share price new research :
rt @joedeaux : trump love ca n't save caterpillar or u.s. steel from slump my story cat x
there is nothing in place that would get tsla anywhere close by 2018 . 250k possible with blood , sweat & amp ; tears . 500k ?
snb has more shares of facebook than zuckerberg . now when facebook shares hit all-time high , the profit taking fb
rt @retheauditors : other than a heckler from c who did n't like me calling his employer the most corrupt org on the street , my columbia u s
although tesla and nvidia look really juicy in here . tsla nvda down again today . think long term . autonomousvehicles smart car
`` fair competition spurs new technical innovation , but what has happened here is not fair competition . '' -- waymo sta
nvda looks like player wanted to take it for a day trade
rt @ulmanfinancial : welcometohooverville : the market in 1929 and now spx spy via @benzinga @markyusko
should have known , like all 600 of this troll 's tweet are about nvda .
final trading day of the week ! will the dow snap its win streak ? djia
volvo , saab were given up for dead with production levels tsla wants to reach .
djia extending streak without a 1 % move to 53 sessions today - would be longest such streak in 10 years
cml pro members we just sent : nvda `` what to do about nvidia , now ? '' get pro :
dow21k today ? not looking likely . @korihale gives us the latest news from the floor of the @nyse . cheddarlive
the biosimilar party is getting way too crowded and allergan knows it : @maxnisen via @bfly
fridayfun what oscars film are you streaming on goog nflx aapl or amzn this weekend ? full list via @usatoday
search warrant linked to amzn echo recording in arkansas killing could affect sales
bofa : 'be mindful of a possible reversal in gold ' gld iau gdx via @crystalkimmm
tsla there are ( could be ) legs to this tesla employee story -- not going away and when the stock drops , it _really_ wo n't go away .
rt @barchart : us stocks dip as banks and energy companies fall bac wfc
gs if there is deregulation , golide could _rip_ . here 's the aggressive option play ( risk on )
nvda is it time to buy or sell nvidia ? my take via @cnnmoney
rt @canuck2usa : tsla so far we have a=c abc pullback from highs
spy qqq russell was excluded from the meeting about this iwm now protesting
najarian brothers see unusual options activity in spdr gold trust ( etf ) and nu skin enterprises gld nus
wow , outgoing cfo jason wheeler told tsla he plans to resign on tuesday , before a wednesday announcement .
cot : euro weakness not dollar strength sets direction saxostrats by ole hansen oil gld slv
tsla with earnings are over , if you 're semi-bullish , this is available through options
@brianfires @wsj @foxbusiness @businessinsider really ? you think vrx is the victim of a @sirf_report short seller conspiracy .
cot : short-covering in bonds and stocks saxostrats by ole hansen oil gld slv
rt @marathonwealth : see : copper : gold jjc gld mt @convertbond gundlach : `` us 10 year headed below 2.25 % . there 's a stealth flight to saf
rt @squawkcnbc : buffett says they bought more apple since 2017 began , but not since the earnings report came out aapl askwarren
goldman sachs now thinks tesla could crash 28 % -- here are the charts all bears will love tsla
rt @lebeaucarnews : goldman drops tsla to a sell rating w/ 185 price target saying it expects a capital raise before 4q17 to weigh on tsla
goldman drops tsla to a sell rating w/ 185 price target saying it expects a capital raise before 4q17 to weigh on tsla s shares .
goldman cuts tesla to sell with a word to bulls out there tsla notablecalls
what happens when financials lag ? stocks spx
goldman cuts tsla to sell on execution risk , near-term cash needs
not to mention buffett is a disaster for health and the environment . he owns psx ( dapl ) , ko , airlines burning oil . and wfc bac
the musk of musk 's soiled jeans is wafting in the market air . tsla
what to expect from the stock market this week spy iwm and more
tesla -6 % this morning on goldman 's downgrade tsla
morningmovers : tesla tanks , urban outfitters flops , kate spade jumps bid urbn uaa tsla
gs downgrades tesla . mkt cap down 4.7bn since last week 's results : via @bfly tsla
tesla back below avg . sell-side target . see my column from last month on how these two interact : via @bfly tsla
rt @chicagosean : entered a protected strangle in nugt : shorted 9put/12call strangle and protected upside with a 13call . 1.08 credit . no u
htz reports after the close , estimize consensus +0.01 eps and -2.24m revs compared to ws
what to do about nvidia corporation ( nasdaq : nvda ) - nvda
jcp heavy call vol , tsla downgrade , tgt & amp ; pcln earnings @angiemiles w fred banyon pm , and market correction
worth a read . goldman thinks model3 launch will be a mess , scty a big fcf drag , big cap raise needed by q417 . tsla
why @warrenbuffett does n't tweet or email : 'you can always tell someone to go to hell tomorrow ' twtr brk
is carl icahn losing his midas touch ? not quite iep aig bmy fcx lng htz hlf xrx nav
sell is a 4-letter dirty word on wall street . but goldman sachs just slapped that rating on tesla . here 's why . tsla
the big shocker in wall st/silicon valley today : tesla gets downgraded to 'sell ' by goldman sachs
teslas still overheat on road courses . this is the problem porsche promises to solve with its ev . tsla
julia , a dishwasher of 15 years , says she was unfairly terminated from her job at @wholefoods wfm reinstatejulia
tsla deepens recent losses after goldman recommends selling via @reuters
ddd reports before the open tomorrow , estimize consensus +0.03 eps and +2.06m revs compared to ws
seven past runs of 'star trek ' series , 'some of them were great , some of them were terrible , ' says cbs ceo moonves . all do well on nflx
with paypal now at new 2017 highs , a series of lows between 38.00 and 39.00 could mark a major bottom : pypl
tesla plunges another 5 percent on fears of model 3 delays tsla
the timing of netflix 's partnership with spark is `` absolutely '' tied to a failed vodafone deal : nflx vod
at least gdx gave some clues it was vulnerable . look how it closed near lows friday 's as gld closed at weekly highs .
a fun fact : spx touched a 52-week low at 1,932.23 on feb 29 , 2016. it 's up 22 % since then .
today s stocks losers : ua , sstk tsla
new exxon mobil ceo echoes rex tillerson 's skepticism on climate science xom
it 's rare for the spx & amp ; the usd to fall together , but it usually only means a short-term fall . read @retmilldaily
htz misses the estimize eps consensus by 17c and the estimize revenue consensus by 15.31m -
should investors follow warren buffett 's lead with aapl ? gk advisor @ben_dunbargk does n't think so ... find out why
tsla trading range always struck me as pretty tight in recent years
is this another 1987 ? we should be so lucky . new post . djia
i have been to a dozen stores and have never found that to be the case but it is unfortunate . which store ? aapl
vrx misses the estimize eps consensus by 6c and beats the estimize revenue consensus by 26.59m -
amrn reports fq4 earnings of -4c eps and 38.70m revs -
gold miners gdx -11 % in 3 weeks as gold holds 1,250 ( + 100 ytd ) -- & gt ; price seen as unsustainable
as per usual - why ca n't valeant - which has so much debt it is a financial institution - publish a balance sheet ? vrx
spx futures -1 as we try and figure out `` what 's next '' ahead of president trumps- address to congress-
rt @lamonicabuzz : tar-jay no longer in style . target tanks on weak earnings and poor outlook . can you say amazon ? tgt amzn
`` the realities of our capital structure force us to invest less in r & amp ; d '' vrx cool , so find some `` hidden gems '' in a box somewhere a push 'em
morgan stanley is setting aside 70m to cover costs associated with giving clients the incorrect tax info : ms
rt @seeitmarket : new blog - `` s & amp ; p 500 technical update : near-term upside limited '' by @marknewtoncmt spy xle xbi
the crb index and inflation , or lack of it crb spy tlt
pcln `` trade idea 2 : buy the march 3 expiry 1600/1550/1515 broken wing put butterfly for 10.50 . '' bust .
`` we 're drowning in a lot of these numbers , but i think it 's a very simple answer we 're looking for , '' analyst tells vrx re debt , cash flow
great call on tgt by @hedgeyeretail -- stock is down -17 % since august as spy rises +8 % target
rt @megtirrell : `` 2 papas , '' @jimcramer says : `` papa john 's pzza , losing the war against dpx , and joe papa . not a good day for papas . '' vrx
`` 2 papas , '' @jimcramer says : `` papa john 's pzza , losing the war against dpx , and joe papa . not a good day for papas . '' vrx prgo
nvda looks liek rollover now . dead cat bounce last few days
on its strategy to lower prices , @ptpetrides says target should 've addressed the amazon effect many years ago .
hard to believe crm is n't in the nasdaq-100 . what a joke , bigger than 72 ( & lt ; -- corrected ) components .
another shareholder , charles sherling , now commenting on proposal . agrees `` frustration that diversity in sv is few and far between '' aapl
it was proposed by the national center for public policy . rep says some orgs who get @apple donations may use funds in unwanted ways aapl
the stealth rotation : a look at the underlying `` risk off '' trade that has been hidden :
one apple shareholder saying he sold his stock last month , worried about revenue growth , says buybacks are waste of money . aapl
proposal 9 ( 5th by shareholders ) wants top execs to retain 75 % of their @apple aapl stock until they reach retirement age
rt @sharatibken : next shareholder proposal wants @apple to reexamine executive compensation . aapl apple @tim_cook
next shareholder proposal wants @apple to reexamine executive compensation . aapl apple @tim_cook
he supports this @apple proposal . aapl . now discussion on that proposal is closed .
another comment from corey webb , a shareholder from florida . says experienced lack of diversity in @apple exec level in retail aapl
rt @sharatibken : ultimately says he 's against putting language into @apple policies requiring more diversity aapl apple
subway chicken contains less than 55 % chicken dna mcd wen qsr
amazon s3 service outage is giving a lot of folks some insight into just how many web based companies use aws for their cloud stuff amzn
amazon web services was experiencing `` high error rates '' with its data storage , affecting numerous websites : amzn
funds dumping salesforce ahead of earnings crm via @investopedia
salesforce is sliding despite its earnings beat crm
salesforce 's outlook sends shares lower crm
salesforce falling in after-hours after some guidance falls short . crm
kinda rough earnings response for crm to boot !
@brianfires @theiphawk @pavelsenor @13 yeah - but you have still lost meaningful money in vrx . and you ca n't support your sick girlfriend .
@zacangeline6 apple tv is not the best . apple music is not the best . beats is not the best , airpods barely work ... aapl
apple tv you 're dead in the water . what we 've been saying . youtube tv is a winner . espn and abc , broadcast and kids stuff 35 . goog aapl
@brianfires @theiphawk @pavelsenor @13 says someone long vrx forever and who can no longer support his sick girlfriend . i am just insane !
. @abiolahp who the f knows . i traded y2k and 9/11 ; last move always most violent . spx ndx
rt @donutshorts : `` i hope we have not provided too much information '' says the cfo who does n't publish a balance sheet @shitmgmtsays vrx
how will facebook shares react to snapchat 's ipo ? trade fb share cfds with 0 commissions ! capital at risk
1/ s & amp ; p futures spy up 17 points , highs of morning . traders did n't get more specifics on tax reform , infrastructure from trump speech ...
thoughtful intel downgrade by bernstein . the note is worth reading intc nvda amd
wall street will hear from new exxonmobil ceo darren woods shortly . xom
intel : sell , says bernstein , server is cracking ; fab advantage ai n't what it was intc via
amazon : not a great time to fumble the cloud , says global equities amzn orcl hpe
you you hate me if i told you i bought iwm at 138.25 yesterday afternoon ?
when sharpies do n't even take a breath . spy iwm
this spy is scary as shit lol
i have a hard time seeing trip as standalone in the next 3 years . it would give pcln a community dynamic that wou
nvda following the bearish path i expected so far .
this wall street firm says intel could get crushed by competition in 2018 - intc nvda
whoa . mcdonald 's just got halted : mcd
so mcd halted ... my theory is they 're bringing back the mcdlt with jason alexander as spokesman
mcd halted for news
just in : mcdonald 's shares halted for news pending . mcd
world 's largest wealth fund is worried about china and the us fxi spy
aapl but.. if you want to get aggressively long apple with options , take 3 minutes to read this
rt @stocktwits : whoa . mcdonald 's just got halted : mcd
news at mcd ? stock halted
so what is it , mcd ? oy .
costco is due to increase membership fees , potentially as early as thursday 's earnings report . what to expect :
so carl icahn sells nflx and aapl positions before their stocks go way up , right ?
and i 'd add cleanliness of restaurants . ( my biggest dissuader . ) mcd
goodbye to mcpick menu ? `` too many value combinations '' that `` diluted impact . '' mcd
there seems to be some major delivery news coming today from mcd . trading halted .
is mcd really just halted because of investor presentation or is there more news coming ?
would be awesome though - come on mcd , step it up . or at least invest a percentage in it . shak
palo alto delivers another 'messy ' quarter panw chkp csco ftnt
rt @peterfrost : sounds like more job cuts coming to mcd . in addition to cutting 500mm of g/a by end of 2018 , expect to cut 5-10 % more .
rt @ernestscheyder : of 25 wall street analysts tracking @exxonmobil , only 5 say buy stock . most analysts say buy @chevron
7 tweets that ruined careers twtr
wow intc you ca n't find buyers today ?
no matter how the numbers line up , snapchat is n't exactly facebook : fb
`` retail partners are just as important as corporate partners . '' baristas on paid parental leave tobeapartner sbux
sarepta stock seesaws on 2017 duchenne muscular dystrophy guide : srpt antm hum unh gild
in recently-released 10k , mcdonald 's adds `` trade measures '' to `` actions taken by government '' that could adversely affect its business mcd
rt @thestreet : no matter how the numbers line up , snapchat is n't exactly facebook : fb
gracias amigo ! spx 2800 bubble here we come ... thing about bubbles is they always have a crash ...
when i wrote this was 25 % sure spx was headed for bubble , now 75 % sure ... for every action , equal & amp ; opposite react
we ca n't jump or do parkour so ... yeah . this is scary . goog
vrx is this going ot be like a 1 ... 2 ... or 3 year process before 0 ? it 's already been a few .. how much more confirmation is needed lol
my price target on vrx has been 0 for a while . published when stock was 90 .
breaking : valeant discloses sec is conducting probe into possible securities law violations by salix ; vrx down as much as 6.1 %
nope . long em , commodities , euro financials , private energy , private equity ( all beating spx ) and increasing cash
spy has gap support at 238.37 . digesting above this would be constructive for higher prices . pivot resistance is 240.32
spx futures -3 after another big move to ath 's . maybe an inside day today above support at 2380. pivot resistance is 2400
rt @philipvandoorn : here 's what apple and a chicken processor have in common for this fund manager aapl safmf htt
solarcity quietly cut 3,000 jobs ahead of tesla sale - tsla look for thousands more as musk changes sales approach
i thought msft was a `` day 1 '' to get momentum back . did n't hold a third or half to keep commitment . so i sold for a loss
nflx now below 8/21 day and took out yesterday 's low of 142.10 . 140 is a big level now - below that . take care
after huge rally , market looks mixed as catalysts appear to be lacking spy uso vxx f gm
it just keeps getting worse for cat ... . caterpillar illinois facilities searched by law enforcement via @newsmax
where 's that guy who screamed at me about how great nvda is ? oh i remember , i blocked him .
mcdonald 's ceo : traffic is n't soft , it 's down mcd pnra
- tsla ca n't deliver anything on time
by the time the fbi entered crazy eddie 's premises all the documents were gone per our `` scorched earth '' policy . cat
i just searched cat facilities and found nothing
rt @canuck2usa : nvda inside and down daily bear flag today
@mikhail507 @jack hey do n't forget mayer at yahoo . she could be the worse . then jack . i 'm waiting to give snap a chance . twtr yhoo
more : federal law enforcement agencies began serving search warrants earlier today against @caterpillarinc cat says @wsj
blackberry 's head of strategy and acquisitions , jim mackey , tells me he left the canadian company in mid-february . bbry bb
more : irs , fdic and u-s attorney for central illinois reportedly part of investigation of @caterpillarinc cat
nvda could n't stay away - more lods
rt @thestreet : `` mcdonald 's is definitely late to the game ( but ) this may not drive growth '' mcd
if cat has a smart pr dept , they 're issue a statement before the close . ill be out by 4pm one way or the other .
so many ways to spin this . spx ndx bear plunges to death from helicopter via @nypost
rt @cnbcnow : new : feds seeking tax docs in search at cat facilities ; tax employees asked to leave building - nbc affiliate week
shares in caterpillar cat down 4.2 % & amp ; the main drag on the dow on reports of a law-enforcement investigation markets
stocks in retreat from yesterday 's record highs : djia -0.4 % , with a 4 % drop in cat a major drag on the index .
spx market sinks as everyone sells to buy snap
yahoo punishes ceo in latest fallout from security breakdown yhoo
cost on deck . frozen in the same amber tomb as the rest of retail until there s a pointless trade war decision
cat confirms raid involves csarl matter involving taxes